Milk-chan is a girl who lives in a house stuck on the side of a building with her two sidekicks: Tetsu-ko, a paranoid robot that looks like a bottle and Hanage, a green blob with a mustache. Milk is poor and she can't pay the rent, especially after her attempt to extort a local ant family fails. However, she is saved because the president himself offers her a job (some sort of a secret mission). Milk-chan answers the phone to receive missions from The President by saying something like "Hello, Bank of Hokkaido. Just kidding!" After getting her mission, Milk-chan and her sidekicks take off aboard the "Milk-6" helicopter to go on her mission. Did I tell you this is a spoof of 1970s spy thrillers or some sort of Bond movies? (Source: AniDB) Ken, Joe, and Akira, three high school students, must combine their three mecha into Gekiganger III to defeat the evil Prince Akara and Emperor Hyperion. The OAV is a compilation of the scenes from Nadesico, a new "movie", and is a parody of many mecha series from the 80s. (Source: ANN) SD parody version of Voogie's Angel based on its radio drama of the same name. Old school is back! And girl power reigns supreme! Ayame, Sumire, Renge, and Satsuki are charged with the protection of the Earth from a powerful new enemy. But these girls may be in for more than they`ve bargained for! They`ll have to not only master the experimental mobile armor: Z-Mind, hold down their part time jobs, all this while keeping their lives... normal! But will this be enough to stop the forces of evil from conquering the Earth? (Source: AniDB) A series of short segments featuring all of the Ultramen and their kaiju opponents, depicted in SD style, living together in harmony and enjoying everyday life. Various activities include domino contests, performing magic, daydreaming, and catching ghosts. Hyperactive Excel does anything and everything to try to please her lord, Il Palazzo, who wants to take over the planet. Excel's misadventures takes her and her partner, the ever-dying Hyatt, all over the world, meeting several strange people as they go. Everything is bizarre and goofy, as any kind of anime or entertainment genre gets mocked and spoofed. (Source: ANN) Gekkou Kamen is retired on the moon, so his trusty motorbike returns to Earth to find a new hero to take over the job of defending the Earth from alien invaders. The sorceress Kuri uses her magic to defend herself from perverted monsters and demons, but her partner, Rima, would much rather do perverted things than defend herself. When the two save a woman from a gang rape, they catch the eye of an evil Sex Queen and her dog-demons. When the sex demons release the passions of Kuri and Rima, even the duo`s formidable powers will be useless. Don`t miss it as all four girls redefine the meaning of Doggie Style! (Source: AniDB) Milk-chan is a drooling, potty-mouthed baby who lives in an apartment with an obsolete robot named Tetsuko, a slug named Hanage, and an uncontrollable pet named Robodog. Whenever the President calls, Milk-chan and the gang rush to the scene to solve any type of problem - whether it's stopping a money counterfeiter hungry for Belgian waffles or counselling a school of drunk fish. At the same time, they have to avoid a nagging landlord, as they're six months behind their rent. (Source: ANN) Nothing interesting happens in Naota's life since his brother left for America, leaving him with his grandfather and father in their boring little town. On his way home with Mamimi—his brother's ex-girlfriend—a pink-haired, crazy woman riding a Vespa named Haruko suddenly slams into him, kisses him, and then bashes him in the head with her guitar before riding off. The next thing he knows, the crazy girl is working as his housekeeper, two robots sprout from his forehead to do battle, and the surviving one starts living with him as well. I think it's fair to say that Naota has parted ways with his old mundane life. FLCL is a kooky coming-of-age story with surprisingly deep undertones as the twelve-year-old Naota develops through the wild antics of Haruko and matures along the way into adulthood. Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality. While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix. Digimon special, Mario Kart style racing. After being inspired by the fictional anime, "Luis Monde III", Mikiko "Kuromi" Oguro goes to animation school and and finally lands the job of her dreams at Studio Petit. Upon arriving, she meets the head of production. Unfortunately for her, he dies soon after meeting her and passes his position unto her. Now that she's head of production of "Time Journeys", it's up to her to rally up the lazy animator's and finish the second episode in a week. (Source: ANN) Nothing interesting happens in Naota's life since his brother left for America, leaving him with his grandfather and father in their boring little town. On his way home with Mamimi—his brother's ex-girlfriend—a pink-haired, crazy woman riding a Vespa named Haruko suddenly slams into him, kisses him, and then bashes him in the head with her guitar before riding off. The next thing he knows, the crazy girl is working as his housekeeper, two robots sprout from his forehead to do battle, and the surviving one starts living with him as well. I think it's fair to say that Naota has parted ways with his old mundane life. FLCL is a kooky coming-of-age story with surprisingly deep undertones as the twelve-year-old Naota develops through the wild antics of Haruko and matures along the way into adulthood. A diminuitive pink creature orbiting in space called "Kirby" crash lands into Dream Land. Once getting acquainted with the citizens who live there in Cappy Town, he begins to defend the town from the monsters that King Dedede, the self-proclaimed ruler of Cappy Town, orders from the evil Nightmare Enterprises. (Source: ANN) Fubuki Sakuragasaki is a powerful gamer who, with the power of her Passion Panties, climbs up the ranks of the BAG (Best of Arcade Gamer) tournament to become the greatest Arcade Gamer in the world. However, the evil Gulasic Group is out to conquer the world through said tournament, and their gaming skills will prove to be a challenge. Fubuki must team up with the legendary Mr. Mystery to combat the four Gods of Gaming and make the world of arcade gaming safe for all. (Source: ANN) Unlike most shows the three episodes are not only totally unrelated to each other but really don't follow a plot as such and are more a light hearted jibe at both the Patlabor series (TV and films) and other "mecha" Anime. Episode 1 is a brief introduction to the weaponry carried by the Ingram and how it was designed and why it is the way it is. Episode 2 looks at the design and maintenance of the Ingram 98 AV in SVU2 and takes a swipe at the marketing forces behind them (as in merchandising for the series). Episode 3 is the only one to attempt to expand on a very minor point raised in the original TV show and just how SVU2 is actually funded. (Source: ANN) Childhood friends Arumi and Sasshi are residents of the Abenobashi commercial district in Abeno-ku, Osaka. After an accident, they find themselves transported to an alternate sword and sorcery world. Their attempt to get back to reality finds them traversing a series of nonsensical worlds built on science fiction, war, fantasy, dating sim games and American movies. Each alternate Abenobashi is a surreal manifestation of Sasshi's otaku interests, populated by analogs of the protagonist's relatives and acquaintances and a blue-haired stranger known as Eutus. (Source: Wikipedia) This is the Animation Store Manager!! Anime Tenchou is a CM character for Animate, one of Japan's biggest retailer of anime, games, and manga. The character series was created by Shimamoto Kazuhiko for publicity purposes. Later adapted into a manga, a weekly radio drama and this OVA animated by GAINAX and directed by Anno Hideaki. Anizawa Meito is the blazing store manager. He is a fireball who loves animation merchandise at heart. He takes over the dying wish of the former store manager, though still alive, who was attacked by the rival store and becomes a “store manager” of newly opened animation goods specialty store, Animate. The scarlet, “store manager visor” is his trademark. (Source: AniDB) Macross chibi special included on Macross 20th Anniversary Premium Collection DVD. Ungrar, the King of Viruses, has escaped from his prison cell in Vaccine World. Maya, the Goddess of Vaccine World sends Mugimaru down to Earth to find a human to accept the powers of Vaccine World and become the Magical Nurse. He finds the best (and the only willing) person for the job when he meets Komugi Nakahara. Komugi is a playful, lazy, and easily distracted (typical) teenager whose dream is to become a cosplay idol. Balancing her career with the Kiri-Pro Promotion Company and her new job battling Ungrar's loyal henchman, the Magical Maid Koyori, Komugi delights audiences in this parody anime series. (Source: ANN) Meet Chako and her friends from the Cosplay Association at East Oizuki Academy! They're the hottest new cosplay team in Japan...fresh from a winning streak of local battles, they're set to sweep the Cosplay World Series! Yeah, right. In reality, Chako and her friends are barely able to keep their club alive at all. Feeble club membership and a lack of sponsorship might be the end of their cosplay dreams before they can even start. But don't you dare underestimate this group of spunky girls! They'll survive a barrage of pervy newcomers, cosplay rivalries, costume disasters and dating mishaps in order to reach their ultimate goal of competing in the World Series. The clothing flies as the girls suit up (and strip down) for Cosplay Complex! (Source: DVD Back Cover) The Galaxy Federation Police (GFP) desperately wants to cover-up its personnel shortage with new mechanized power-suits. Suzuo, 19-years old, desperately needs a job. Tampopo needs an earthling to fit the prototype of her company's suit and declares Suzuo the perfect candidate! Strong competitors and the wacky A-class criminals fight against our hero in diapers, but they must not recognize each other out of costume or the test results will be a failure- but it's OK if they all live in the same apartment building to save money, right? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Tsubomi is a savvy and horny school girl who works at a lingerie club, a gentlemen's bar where scantily clad young women serve drinks to the patrons. She is useless at her job but is blackmailing her boss so she won't get fired. One day she runs into a gorgeous young man who she takes to bed. She meets into a perverted talking cat with a butterfly on its forehead, who recruits her to be a magical soldier. She has to fight off a dominatrix elf woman called Beene, a minion of Regina Apis, a matriarch bent on chaos and forming her new Dynasty. Tsubomi is learning of her powers when she is rescued by an oddly familiar masked man, known only as Dandelion. The plot of this anime is completely farcical and parodies the magical girl genre and Sailor Moon in particular. (Source: ANN) A TV special, known as episode 2.5, that takes place between episodes 2 and 3. (Source: ANN) Following Studio Petit's popularity for Time Journey's, the crew is now faced with 3 anime at the same time. Rushing to fill the quotas, the owner of Studio Petit hires Takashimadaira, a veteran producer to help Kuromi. However, all Takashimadaira cares about is making deadlines, severely hurting the quality of the images. Shihonmatsu, who has been helping Kuromi, gets angry at the new producer and leaves, leaving Kuromi with a difficult choice: to choose between the quality or the deadline. Studio Petit managed to survive the production of "Time Journeys," but now that show's finished, and in its place they've got no less than three series to animate, with just four artists, one manager and one director - not to mention one very bedraggled animation runner. And it doesn't help that Shihonmatsu picked this week to quit smoking. As the staff starts to fall behind their crushing deadlines, the owner calls in an old "pro," Takashimadaira, to get production back on track. But once he starts putting speed above quality, the Petit team has to choose between following orders and doing their jobs right. (Source: ANN) Panda-Z chronicles the misadventures of Pan Taron and his giant robot Panda-Z, as they battle the evil Skull Panda and his Warunimal forces. (Source: ANN) Kaede is a normal school girl who was studying for her exams for school when suddenly she is interrupted by Shinobu, a girl who is a ninja-in-training, attempting to complete her exam. The problem is, in order for her to successfully complete her exam, she must steal one of Kaede's panties! In Kaede's attempt to stop Shinobu from stealing her panties, an unexpected friendship is forged between the two. Kaede soon becomes engrossed in Shinobu's world, surrounded by partying ninjas and a yellow pac-man like thing by the name of Onsokumaru, who claims to be the master of all ninjas! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sasahara Kanji is a college freshman who decides to join a student society to share his hidden thoughts on manga, anime and gaming. When he first visited Genshiken, short for "Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyuu Kai" (Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture), his groundless pride was destroyed by the plotting of Madarame, a sophomore student in Genshiken, but he still couldn't admit that he is an otaku. However, as he participates in society activities such as visiting dojin (private publishing) shops and anime festivals, and hangs out with other society members Kosaka (a hardcore otaku despite his extreme eccentricities and good looks), Kosaka's girlfriend Kasukabe Saki (who isn't really an otaku), Ohno (a cosplayer) and the others, he opens his mind and resolves that he will make his way into the otaku world. With their help, Sasahara slowly adjusts to otaku life in Genshiken. (Source: AnimeNfo) This short episode comes along with the first episode of the OVA. Recap episode aired between episodes 32 and 33. When the company president finds himself in a pinch, Salaryman Man is there to save the day! A TV series from Monkey Punch with a 1-hour premiere episode. Mankatsu will feature standard "Monkey characters" and ecchi-gags found in all Monkey Punch series. Kimi ga Nozomu Eien parodying the Gundam series in two minutes. Sequel to the first series. Gyagu Manga Biyori is an anime that is about absolutely nothing. It is comprised of 12 short stories (5 minutes long each) that only build up a small amount of plot for each story. The anime feeds off the stupidest things, but is quite humorous. (Source: ANN) Rei goes to an anime convention and ends up in a world created by the desires of anime fans. Rei doesn't know how to get back and the world starts to collapse because the convention is coming to a close. (Source: AniDB) Mate Crime: Mine Fujiko and Naomi deal with biological weapons and arms dealer Ramon. This movie is the compilation of the 27 mini-parody episode trailers that ran at the end of every Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight episode, which featured characters depicted in their chibi forms. This special is a set of short comedy stories involving Gintoki and his equally-broke sidekicks Shinpachi and Kagura. One day, Gintoki and his comrades are out viewing the spring flowers when suddenly the Shinsengumi appear, arguing that Gintoki has taken their flower-viewing spot. Gintoki's team and the Shinsengumi must then battle for the right to sit in that spot by using a violent version of rock paper scissors. (Source: ANN) Akahori Gedou Hour Rabuge is an anime series that combined episodes of two related stories into one broadcast block. Zettai Seigi Love Pheromone Yoshizumi Aimi and Sasajima Kaoruko are comic duo, Their dream is to become popular and stand on the Broadway stage.However, their names are not well-known, and they have to do part-time jobs.To make their names popular, they decided to do side job. It is heroines of justice, They will beat villains one after another, but after that, there is nothing but ruins. People are afraid of them and even rumor that they are evil. (Source: ANN) Soreyuke! Gedou Otometai The five Hokke sisters lost their parents when they were quite young. Although they are poor, they`re living comfortably because they have a dream, which is to be evil. The Hokke Family has belonged to an evil organization and worked as a combatant. When their father died, he left them a message that asked them to become a villain that he couldn`t become. However they wondered how to become the best villains. One day, the youngest sister Utano found a jar. They were told not to open it until they we`re 18. It was sealed by a talisman labeled R18. Akuma-ko broke the seal on the jar and a devil appeared. The demon said they had special powers inside of them, when they have the weapons in their hands they would turn into Gedo Otome Tai. (Source: AnimeNfo) These the DVD extras, including Several omake and a "making of" episode. The 11-year-old Miyamoto Rebecca becomes the new teacher of a classroom which is full of weirdos. Despite her cute looks she's a little beast and can be pretty sarcastic and offensive. The school is not safe anymore now that she's in charge of a class and her students, Himeko, Ichijou, Rei and a white rabbit who took a liking to Rebecca help her to rough up the school and the neighbor with its teacher "ojii-chan." (Source: ANN) These are a series of 13 omake episodes of Gun x Sword, tied in very loosely to the plot, with the characters as chibi puppets. The main characters are Wendy and her turtle, Kameo, who is the size of a human in this series and is able to talk. All the episodes seem to center around analyzing various events in Gun x Sword and mocking the themes displayed. They are included on the DVDs. (Source: Wikipedia) The citizens of Turkey's Hill model a bizzare American-esque town and engage in non-sequitur behavior. (Source: ANN) Shana-tan specials bundled with the first and fifth volume pre-orders of the Shakugan no Shana DVD, the limited edition Shakugan no Shana guide book, and the limited edition Shakugan no Shana Movie preview DVD special. Episodes #1: Shakugan no Shana-tan #2: Shakugan no Shana-tan Returns #3: Itadaki no Hecate-tan #4: Banjou no Carmel-san The TV adaptation of the ONA series. Unlike the ONA, which has 10 episodes, this series has 12 episodes. DVD specials. Miki Onimaru is a poster girl that works at her mother's Chinese ramen restaurant. She appears to be a normal girl, but she can become very violent if provoked. She picks a fight with her mother and accquaintances as a result on an almost daily basis, causing a series of troubling mishaps in their otherwise normal lives. (Source: ANN) It's the start of a new year for the Genshiken crew, and that means recruiting new members. Always a dreaded task, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture manages to get Chika Ogiue pushed onto them from the Manga Club. With her introduction of "I'm Ogiue and I hate otaku," this year certainly will be anything but boring. (Source: ANN) The story takes place one year after the OVA. Because of the previous war, Kabucki-cho was devastated, and the owner abandoned his lingerie pub, "Pallion," and opened "New Papillion" in Akihabara. During the war, Tsubomi, and her colleagues Anne and Shizuku lost their memories, and they began new lives in Akihabara. On the other hand, the Susano, aliens who were invading the Earth, appeared. They turned a UMA (Unidentified Mysterious Animal) into a monster and make it raid on Akihabara. Rama the cat made Tsubomi and her buddies retrieve their memories, and let them fight against the monster as Lingerie Soldiers. (Source: AnimeNfo) Eagle Talon is a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo. With plans for world domination, their attempts are continually foiled by Deluxe Fighter, the superhero who always manages to save the day. This comedy of their frivolous lives is definitely not to be missed! Pucca is the young daughter of a Chinese noodle house owner and she is hopelessly in love with the ninja Garu. He tries desperately to avoid Pucca's advances and usually does not return her affection. This results in many comical situations as Pucca goes to great lengths just to steal a kiss from Garu. Expect to see lots of "funny love" antics involving everything from noodles to deadly ninjas. (Source: TV.com) This is a special to To Heart: Remember My Memories , which includes fighting scenes between all the female characters. Kyon, your typical high school student, has long given up his belief in the supernatural. However, upon meeting Haruhi Suzumiya, he quickly finds out that it is the supernatural that she is interested in—aliens, time travelers, and espers among other things. When Haruhi laments about the lack of intriguing clubs around school, Kyon inspires Haruhi to form her own club. As a result, the SOS Brigade is formed, a club which specializes in all that is the supernatural. Much to his chagrin, Kyon, along with the silent bookworm, Yuki Nagato, the shy and timid Mikuru Asahina, and the perpetually smiling Itsuki Koizumi, are recruited as members. The story follows the crazy adventures that these four endure under their whimsical leader, Haruhi. The story is based on the light novels by Nagaru Tanigawa. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Renkin San-kyuu Magical? Pokaan follows the daily lives of four young girls. There is just one catch: they are anything but normal. This group of friends—the energetic werewolf Liru, the joyful witch-in-training Uma, the motherly android Aiko, and the seductive vampire Pachira—are actually princesses from the netherworld who have traveled to the human world in search of a new home. Unfortunately, their naivety and severe lack of knowledge make living peacefully among earthlings much more difficult than they imagined. As they attempt to adapt to their brand new lifestyle, they cause all sorts of trouble, and end up attracting the unwanted attention of a woman by the name of Dr. K-Ko. The scientist believes that these new residents of Earth are up to no good and attempts to capture the girls to prove the existence of the supernatural and gain credibility with the scientific community. Every day brings a new adventure as the girls deal with the insanity of her antics and all that the human realm has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Coffy, Daniel, and Okehazama-sensei accidentally entered the Forbidden Room behind the school building of Tumulus High School. When they managed to get out, they realized they had slipped back in time! Why did Okehazama-sensei become a fallen soldier? The truth behind the famous Japanese historical event, the Battle of Okehazama, is revealed! An animated spin-off from the Densha Otoko (Trainman) TV drama. In the drama, actor Itoh Atsushi plays the otaku Yamada, whose main love in life is the Mina anime, a cutesy busty heroine with floppy rabbit ears and carrots sticking out her rear. Mina itself is a character homage which triggers back to the Daicon Animation done by GAINAX where a similar nameless bunny girl appeared. Densha Otoko futher featured an opening with scenes which were appearing back in the Daicon Animation. (Source: AniDB) Lucky☆Star follows the daily lives of four cute high school girls—Konata Izumi, the lazy otaku; the Hiiragi twins, Tsukasa and Kagami (sugar and spice, respectively); and the smart and well-mannered Miyuki Takara. As they go about their lives at school and beyond, they develop their eccentric and lively friendship and making humorous observations about the world around them. Be it Japanese tradition, the intricacies of otaku culture, academics, or the correct way of preparing and eating various foods—no subject is safe from their musings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] According to Murphy's Law, "anything that can go wrong, will go wrong," and truer words cannot describe the unfortunate life of the hard-working Hayate Ayasaki. Abandoned by his parents after accumulating a debt of over one hundred fifty million yen, he is sold off to the yakuza, initiating his swift getaway from a future he does not want. On that fateful night, he runs into Nagi Sanzenin, a young girl whom he decides to try and kidnap to pay for his family's massive debt. Unfortunately, due to his kind-hearted nature and a string of misunderstandings, Nagi believes Hayate to be confessing his love to her. After saving her from real kidnappers, Hayate is hired as Nagi's personal butler, upon which she is revealed to be a member of one of the wealthiest families in Japan. Highly skilled but cursed with the world's worst luck, Hayate gets straight to work serving his employer all the while trying to deal with the many misfortunes that befall him. From taking care of a mansion to fending off dangerous foes, and even unintentionally wooing the hearts of the women around him, Hayate is in over his head in the butler comedy Hayate no Gotoku! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Michishio Nagasumi's life couldn't be any more normal. In an odd twist of events, during his summer vacation he ends up almost drowning in the sea. Luckily, the cute mermaid Seto Sun appears to save him. However, Sun is from a yakuza mermaid family and according to their law, if a human is to catch sight of a mermaid, either he or the mermaid must die. The only other way is for Nagasumi to be taken in as a family member, marrying Sun. In attempts to save both of their lives, Nagasumi asks for Sun's hand in marriage. Nagasumi's summer vacation reaped more than what he would expect, as he must now protect Sun from others finding her secret out. Yawaraka Atom, a parody of Astro Boy (Atom) as a squishy tank, went to stop catastrophe and evil. The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture, otherwise known as Genshiken, is now under the charge of a more confident Sasahara. Things have changed in between semesters, and the otaku club now has a new otaku-hating member named Ogiue. Sasahara's initial goal of starting a doujin circle and selling those fan-made magazines at the next Comic Festival becomes a reality, but reality is a cruel master... who apparently crossplays. Afterward, the club is abuzz with talk about Tanaka and Ohno's relationship, which takes a hesitant step forward. (Source: Media Blasters) Nozomu Itoshiki is a high school teacher so pessimistic that even the smallest of misfortunes can send him into a pit of raging despair; some of these "catastrophes" even lead to suicide attempts. Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei is a satirical slice-of-life comedy set in the modern day, covering various aspects of Japanese life and culture through Nozomu and his interactions with his students: Kiri Komori, a recluse who refuses to leave the school; Abiru Kobushi, an enigma who frequently arrives to class with severe and mysterious injuries; the hyper-optimistic Kafuuka Fuura, Nozomu's polar opposite; and several other unusual girls, all of whom are just as eccentric as their teacher. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The first two shorts feature the original Seed cast and deal with an attempt by Yzak Joule to reclaim his his honor from Athrun Zala after having been one-upped at seemingly every contest with him since his childhood. The last two shorts feature the Minerva crew sent back in time on comical missions from Gil in an attempt to disrupt key events of the Seed era with disastrous yet hilarious effect. (Source: ANN) Momotaros's Summer Vacation is a short film that debuted between the Gekiranger movie and I'm Born! . Using live action photographs, 3D computer graphics, and traditional animation (all of which is termed a Momotion Picture, it has Momotaros gloating of his strength until Sha-Fu dared him to proved it by swimming. After being made fun of by Urataros and Ryutaros, and bashed by Kintaros, Momotaros is talked into believing he can swim by Deneb. But as the "mind over matter" influence wears off, the Imagin and Sha-Fu tell the audience the movie's coming up soon. (Source: Wikipedia) Shana-tan special bundled with the Shakugan no Shana Movie director's cut special collection DVD. "The Bandai Channel website announced that Petit Eva ~Evangelion@School~, the "first official super-deformed series" based on Neon Genesis Evangelion, will be adapted for video. The official announcement will be made in the September issue (on sale August 10) of Newtype magazine in Japan. The Gainax/Khara franchise spinoff spoofs the psychological science fiction drama by reimagining the characters as classmates in Tokyo-3's Nerv School, headed by Principal Gendō Ikari and Misato-sensei. The student body includes three different Rei "sisters," the EVA-01 mobile weapon reimagined as the school bully Evanchō, and the ill-fated Jet Alone robot as JA-ko, a "hidden character" in the form of a shy android girl. Ryuusuke Hamamoto created the character designs which has inspired four-panel gag manga serializations in four different magazines: Monthly Shōnen Ace, Newtype, Dengeki Hobby Magazine, and Figure Oh. The Petit Eva project has also developed merchandising from super-deformed figurines to limited edition Doritos corn chips." (Source: MoonPhase) Specials that come with the DVDs. The first Eagle Talon movie. The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second series of Pucca.  The episode numbers continue from 27. This was the 14-minute movie that was screened in theaters with Keroro Gunsou Movie 3. It became the prequel to the Mushakero in season 5 of the main Keroro Gunsou anime series. It takes place in Ranstar where the Keroro platoon are up against the Vipers. The whole setting of Ranstar is based on the Sengoku Era of Japan, and all characters are dressed in that fashion. Gang Tu-Ji is just a normal passionate and determined (pun intended) 13 year old boy trying to woo the prettiest girl in school. That is until 4 mysterious creatures crash through his roof one day. Tu-Ji ends up reluctantly helping them out by transforming into Tribe Captain via the Giga Stone's power they brought. And the creatures themselves are able to morph into fully humanoid super sentai-like warriors! Together they fight against friends and strangers who have been possessed by the evil Bavaria in a catch-phrase sitcom manner. According to Murphy's Law, "anything that can go wrong, will go wrong," and truer words cannot describe the unfortunate life of the hard-working Hayate Ayasaki. Abandoned by his parents after accumulating a debt of over one hundred fifty million yen, he is sold off to the yakuza, initiating his swift getaway from a future he does not want. On that fateful night, he runs into Nagi Sanzenin, a young girl whom he decides to try and kidnap to pay for his family's massive debt. Unfortunately, due to his kind-hearted nature and a string of misunderstandings, Nagi believes Hayate to be confessing his love to her. After saving her from real kidnappers, Hayate is hired as Nagi's personal butler, upon which she is revealed to be a member of one of the wealthiest families in Japan. Highly skilled but cursed with the world's worst luck, Hayate gets straight to work serving his employer all the while trying to deal with the many misfortunes that befall him. From taking care of a mansion to fending off dangerous foes, and even unintentionally wooing the hearts of the women around him, Hayate is in over his head in the butler comedy Hayate no Gotoku! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Two extended specials. The first one parodies Monta Mino, a famous real life Japanese entertainer. The second one parodies the US television show "24". Bamboo Blade specials released on DVD volumes 4 and 6. Done in a chibi flash animation style and set to bizzare scenarios. Bamboo Blade commercials featuring new animation. Some recycle scenarios such as Tama-chan sleeping in very high places or Miya-Miya fighting off drunk salary men in an RPG style. Others cross-over with each other like Azuma's space adventure scenario colliding with Yuuji's bicycle race scenario. The final commercial has all the characters meet together and take a photograph. More crazy antics abound as Nozomu Itoshiki, a.k.a Zetsubou-sensei, who is the worlds most negative person, tries to teach class 2-F about how life is filled with despair and darkness. A harder task than it first may seem, with his students being far from ordinary themselves, including the likes of the most positive girl he has ever met, his very own stalker, a foreign exchange student with split personalities and a perfectionist acting class president, due to the fact the real class president can't be seen by anyone, among others. (Source: ANN) Based On a Visual Novel developed by Minato Soft. Due to family troubles, Ren Uesugi and his sister, Mihato, leave their home. They end up moving to the city but find themselves with a lack of money. Somehow they are able to find work in the form of the Kuonji family's mansion, being employed as servants to the three sisters of the Kuonji family: Shinra, Miyu, and Yume. Being a servant also associates Ren with the mansion's additional servants and the Kuonji sisters' friends. (Source: Wikipedia) Remake of the Yatterman series. An omnibus film depicting 15 fictional sports events created by different directors. Onlypic stands for only + pictures (video). A Tokyo school girl named Tukishima Moe obtains the ability of becoming a magical girl with the help of Lulue. Her duty is to protect Akihabara, the source of moe energy, from falling into the evil hands. Note: This is a hybrid anime/live-action television series based on the Moegaku language-learning software. The series further the original concept by expanded language study to include English, Korean, Spanish, Chinese, and French. (Source: Wikipedia) The Japanese animation production company Animax announced that Kaeruotoko-Shokai's second theatrical Flash-animated film, Sguy and The Family Stone the Movie, will open in a limited engagement in Japan on February 16. (Source: ANN) A special summary episode of the first season of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, focusing on seven of the girls: Komori Kiri, Matoi Tsunetsuki, Kobushi Abiru, Kimura Kaere, Kitsu Chiri, Sekiuchi "Maria" Tarou and Hitou Nami. Note: This entry also includes the 24 minute version which aired on BS11. Shana-tan specials bundled with the limited edition first and fifth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana II (Second) DVD and the limited edition Shakugan no Shana II (Second) guide book. Episodes #1: Shakugan no Shana-tan Begins #2: Shakugan no Shana-tan & Yoshida: Konoe Fumina no Gyakushuu #3: Shakugan no Shana-tan Revenge The OVAs are new stand alone shorts with characters from the series and introduces two new ones. It is now the third year of school, San and Luna's dads are still being over protective. All the while Nagasumi has his hands full trying to keep everyone around him under control and rescuing damsels in distress. (Source: ANN) A side story of Darker than BLACK, also known as Episode 26. A Contractor was killed and it was rumored that his corpse and possessions were buried under a Sakura tree. Hei and the others (including the Police) decide to investigate. A special bonus Parody Mode added to the extras of the .hack//G.U. Trilogy (Source: AniDB) The OVA features six separate stories revolving around the cast, some of which border on the bizarre; one of which is an MMORPG environment being played by Konata, Kagami, Tsukasa, and Nanako Kuroi, and another in which Kagami has a "suggestive" dream about Konata. (Source: Wikipedia) Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA. There is a World Beautiful-Skin Competition (WBC) to which the 3 billion women of the world aspire. Carrying on the 300-year legacy of the competition are the twin Bihada sisters, Sara and Saki. A parody of the Macross Frontier series where the cast of characters are taken and set in present day Tokyo. Ranka starts her new job as a O.L. (Office Lady) at a game development company (Frontier Software) where and her friend Nanase is working. On the first day she has an eventful run in with the president of the company, Sheryl, and Sheryl's personal assistant Grace. Watch as Ranka learns the ways of a pro O.L. the hard way. The story revolves around the Tama River area, based mostly in Kawasaki City Kanagawa where battles are fought between the evil organisation Florsheim and the ally of justice Sunred. The twist is that Sunred (referred to most characters familiar with him as Red-san) is a rough-talking, violent and rude hero while the villains of Florsheim (led by General Vamp) are for the most part polite, conscientious and easy-going. Despite this, both sides still stay true to their roles, with Florsheim dedicated to destroying Sunred and taking over the world while Sunred battles against them. Other evil organisations and heroes also appear from time to time. Each episode is divided into various shorts of varying length. Most of the humour comes from the interactions of the characters, especially the main trio of Sunred, his girlfriend Kayoko, and General Vamp. Kayoko and Vamp, for example, get along very well and she occasionally consults him about housework or cooking. In contrast, she and Sunred often argue like a long married couple. (Source: Wikipedia, edited) This is a special introductory episode of Detroit Metal City. Fan discs containing shorts that weren't included in the TV series. 1. Aoi Koi-hen 2. Ibara Koiji-hen Music videos from both discs are not included in the entry, as they don't contain any new scenes. The same specials were included in the Blueray box set, but divided into 6 episodes of 2 minutes each. It's time for fun at the beach! Check out all the girls from Arcade Gamer Fubuki in their swimsuits. 30 seconds sketches/omakes based around the events of the tv series with little twists. According to Aniplex, a 10min short anime of Gintama "Shiroyasha Koutan" will be released on September 30th. It was shown at Jump Super Anime Tour 2008 and had never been released as a DVD. It's a trailer of an imaginary Gintama movie. Gintama OVA shown at Jump Anime Tour '05 is also included in the DVD. 30 seconds sketches/omakes from the OVAs. The plot revolves around Kaoru Torigara, only son of a ramen shop owner, who is going to renovate his inherited ramen shop. He discovers that his shop has a guardian angel named Pretty Menma. Pretty Menma tells Kaoru that his dead father's intention is making him succeed in the "Food King Wars", a battle of restaurants around the world that is held every 4 years. Kaoru and Menma must help each other to go through the struggles of the "Food King Wars". (Source: Wikipedia) A special summary episode of the second season of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, focusing on the girls that were not introduced in the first Zetsubou Shoujo Senshuu: Otonashi Meru, Fujiyoshi Harumi, Kaga Ai and Mitama Mayo. The second Eagle Talon movie. A NHK shogi tournament parody. ''55 AJN Trophy TV Shoji Tournamant'' Mr.Yamada versus Mr.Roboco. The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] 9 flash anime specials included in the Code Geass R2 DVDs and BDs. Gang Tu-Ji is just a normal passionate and determined (pun intended) 13 year old boy trying to woo the prettiest girl in school. That is until 4 mysterious creatures crash through his roof one day. Tu-Ji ends up reluctantly helping them out by transforming into Tribe Captain via the Giga Stone's power they brought. And the creatures themselves are able to morph into fully humanoid super sentai-like warriors! Together they fight against friends and strangers who have been possessed by the evil Bavaria in a catch-phrase sitcom manner. Remake of the Yatterman series. Hayate Ayasaki's misfortune continues to hand him the short end of the stick. Now settled into his routine at the Sanzenins' mansion and Hakuou Academy, the butler continues to work as hard as ever in caring for his young mistress Nagi while studying the school's grueling curriculum—all on top of trying his best to survive the multitude of troubles that life relentlessly pushes onto him. The unintentional chick magnet's life is far from quiet, forced to deal not only with Nagi's yet unnoticed infatuation with him, but also the evergrowing string of accidentally seduced girls—most notably, the exceptionally plain Ayumu Nishizawa, a friend of his before he became a butler, and the diligent Hinagiku Katsura, Hakuou's student council president. While one struggles to gain his affection and the other desperately tries to deny her own, both the girls are going to make the boy's life a little more complicated than it already is. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The new episodes of the "2nd season" of Haruhi Suzumiya aired in chronological order along with the re-airing of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2006 in what is called according to Kyoto Animation: The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2009 . This season contains arcs that occurred chronologically in the first season and more. For complete episode information, see the More Info tab. In search of true love, Kanako Miyamae transfers to Ame no Kisaki Catholic school, inspired by how her parents fell in love with each other there. There is just one difference, though: because men make Kanako break into hives, she has actually come to the all-girls school to find a partner of the same sex. When she meets the beautiful Mariya Shidou, Kanako believes she has found that special someone; however, there's more to Mariya than meets the eye—it turns out that Kanako's first love is actually a cross-dressing boy. Mariya threatens to expose Kanako's impure intentions unless she keeps his real gender a secret, and to make things worse, he also replaces her original roommate so that he can now keep a close eye on her. Maria†Holic follows Kanako as she looks for love in all the wrong places and searches for the girl of her dreams—that is, if she can survive being Mariya's roommate! [Written by MAL Rewrite] What if nations were people? What traits would they have? What would this mean for historical events? Hetalia Axis Powers takes these questions and runs with them, personifying countries into characters. The show takes a comedic and light approach to politics and historical events while educating the viewer. Taking place primarily during the events of World War I and World War II, the story focuses on the Axis Powers and occasionally throws the spotlight onto the tumultuous relationship between the Allied Forces. The Axis Powers feature the titular character North Italy, who is clumsy, carefree and loves pasta; Germany, who is very serious but easily flustered; and Japan, who is stoic but has bizarre interests. Based on Hidekaz Himaruya's widely popular webcomic turned print manga, Hetalia Axis Powers is a historical comedy that pokes lightly at culture, examines the relationships between nations and breathes fun into history. [Written By MAL Rewrite] A parody series featuring the entire cast of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya in a smaller form factor.  Among the changes are: Yuki plays eroge, Haruhi is even more obnoxiuous and loud, Mikuru is even more emotional and Koizumi harbors a deep love for Kyon.  Kyon, on the other hand, is generally the same as ever. Paniponi Dash! special included in the DVD-Box. To encourage Nagi to swim and enjoy summer, Maria invites various friends to their Sanzenin family's private beach. While everyone is having fun, Nagi hesitates to wear swimsuits and come out because of her small breasts, and refuses to join... The student council of Hekiyou Gakuen is chosen by popular vote, so of course all the members are cute girls. All except Ken Sugisaki, that is. Ken managed to get a spot by being the top scoring student in his year, which granted him an automatic seat. It wasn’t an easy feat, as Ken is not exactly book-smart, but he studied hard and improved his score just to become a part of the exclusive student council. However, for such a highly regarded council, the members don’t really do much. Ken spends most of his time trying to turn the girls into his harem, while the girls ignore him in favor of more important things, like running festivals, attempting to boost their popularity, and slowly driving Ken mad in the best way possible. Get ready for fourth wall breaking, loads of references and parodies, and even a couple of cameos in Seitokai no Ichizon ! A series of shorts featuring Index-tan. The high spirited girls Azuki Edomae, Mutsumi Mutsuki and Serika Shihodo, put on their "KIGURUMI"costumes instantly transforming them into the super heros Kigurumikku-Swan, Kigurumikku-Falcon and Kigurumikku-Swallow. Follow these super-girls as they defend Minamachi City and bring peace to the town. Nozomu Itoshiki is still the bizarre teacher of the even stranger Class 2-F. He attempts to teach his students the negative aspects of the world and society, only to have each circumstance thrown at his face whenever he tries. With more students and friends than before, Zetsubo-sensei's life becomes harder and crazier than ever before. (Source: ANN) The second season of Tentai Senshi Sunred . The Phantom Company plans a stage play for the poor children for it's 3rd anniversary since its foundation. But the original theater performers got into a ship accident on their way to London and won't make it in time for the presentation. Faced with this situation Ciel commands Sebastian, "Make the stage play a success". And just like that, Ciel, with his three servants, Lau and Ranmao, Soma and Agni, start rehearsing Hamlet. Even Undertaker and Grell show up for the show, and the rehearsals go on. Will the stage play go through as planned? (Sources: kuroshitsuji.tv, elune) A new Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA. The second season of Eagle Talon. Shana-tan specials bundled with the Shakugan no Shana S Blu-ray and DVD. Episodes #1: Shakugan no Shana-tan G #2: Shakugan no Shana-tan 2dos #3: Shakugan no Shana-tan 3tri #4: Shakugan no Shana-tan FRONTIER DVD and BD specials of Umineko no Naku Koro ni containing the parody dubbing by the original cast. Short specials from the DVDs/BDs. Promo-like shorts, featuring Maria as a magical knight. Short corners released exclusively on DVD. A collaboration between Tentai Senshi Sunred and the J. League football team Kawasaki Frontale.  The members of the team appeared in these specials and voiced themselves. The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] A promotional video that was shown to the public at Comiket 78, and uploaded to YouTube and posted on the official website. It was also included with the first Blu-ray/DVD volume of the Matsuri OVA. It is done in the style of a visual novel game played on a Nintendo DS screen. (Source: AniDB) Some of the characters get together and talk about "regrets" they have after 4 years of anime Gintama. Soon they fight over who gets more screen time. Special animation shown at the Gintama Haru Matsuri 2010 live event. The real female idol group PASSPO☆ are the stars of this anime. The PASSPO☆ members are represented as animals and go on flight-attendant adventures. An exclusive picture drama released with the Blu-Ray Box Set of Seto no Hanayome. The first part starts out with gags and the characters drawn in a simplistic chibi style. It's followed by a quick recap and then goes into the main picture drama story. Fourth film in the Secret Society Eagle Talon film series. Initially released directly to DVD, but was later screened at TOHO Cinemas Roppongi Hills. Global political figures such as The Pope, Kim Jong Il, George W. Bush and recent Japanese Prime Ministers play riichi mahjong against each other. The movie involves a mysterious force causing unusual incidents to happen all over the world, and the nations having to try to ward off the threat of human extinction from the alien race known as Pict, who seek to transform mankind and drain the color from the world (with America deciding that the world will be saved under his command). (Source: WikiHetalia) Gintoki and his Yorozuya friends (or rather, employees suffering under labor violations), Shinpachi and Kagura, continue to scrape by in the futuristic, alien-infested city of Edo. They take on whatever work they can find while trying not to get involved in anything too dangerous. But when Katsura, the leader of the Joui rebels and Gintoki's long-time acquaintance, disappears after being brutally attacked by an unknown assassin, Shinpachi and Kagura begin an investigation into his whereabouts and the identity of the assailant. Meanwhile, Gintoki takes on a seemingly unrelated job: the blacksmith Tetsuya requests that Gin recover a strange and powerful sword called the Benizakura which was recently stolen. As the two investigations gradually intersect, the Yorozuya crew find themselves in the midst of a major conspiracy that hinges on the sinister nature of the Benizakura sword. Gintoki resolves to take the fight directly to the enemy headquarters, and together with a few unexpected allies, sets out on one of his most perilous jobs yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events. Animated Flash shorts based on the light novel series "Haiyore! Nyaruko-san." In these shorts, Nyarlko, an anthropomorphized female version of Nyarlathotep from the Cthulhu Mythos, is constantly being told off by Mahiro, a normal human boy, for all the crazy or stupid things she does. In one of the shorts, Nyarlko is drawing a cover design for a body pillow.  It turns out that the pillow's subject is a half-dressed Mahiro in what appears to be a hot and heavy scene with Nyarlko.  Naturally, Mahiro proceeds to stab Nyarlko in the hand with a fork and threatens to kill her if she releases the pillow design. Other shorts revolve around various gags and occasionally feature Cthuko, an anthropomorphized female version of Cthugha, who's madly in love with Nyarlko. Ookami Ryouko is a spunky and, by some accounts, rather manly high school girl. She is tall, speaks in a traditionally masculine way and is very proficient in fighting. Ookami-san's best friend is the small and high-pitched voiced Akai Ringo. Incidentally, the two are rather flat-chested, a fact the Narrator (voiced by Arai "Kuroko" Satomi of Railgun fame) is all too eager to point out. Ookami and Ringo are members of the Otogi Bank, a club in Otogi High School that assists students with their problems in return for their assistance on a different problem at a later date; thus the Otogi Bank is effectively a loan institute for problems where you can take out a loan for a solved problem but you have to repay it sooner or later. The Otogi Bank is able to solve any problem and will go to any lengths to do so, often leading the members to danger or mayhem. Since most of the members of the club are female, another male is needed for the more dangerous assignments. Thus, the scopophobic (the fear of being looked at) Morino Ryoushi is inducted as a member, right after he confesses his love for Ookami... The second collaboration between Kawasaki Frontale and Tentai Senshi Sunred. The third Eagle Talon movie. The third and fourth seasons of the Hetalia Axis Powers anime. A continuation of the first 2 seasons under a new name, still adapting the online webcomics drawn by Himaruya Hidekaz. Based on a popular web-released manga series by Hidekazu Himaruya, this has been described as a "cynical gag" story set in Europe in the years between WW1 and WW2 (1915-1939), using exaggerated caricatures of the different nationalities as portrayed by a gaggle of bishōnen. For example, the Italia Veneziano character is into pasta and women. The Deutsche (German) bishi loves potatoes and sausages, and Nippon is an otaku boy. Installments of the manga have jumped back and forth in setting from the ancient times to modern-day geopolitics. The manga's title comes the Japanese words for "useless" (hetare) and Italy (Italia). (Source: ANI) Panty and Stocking—the Anarchy Sisters—are two nasty-ass angels who got booted from the pearly gates for being foul-mouthed bitches! Now they spend their nights blowing up ghosts in the seedy abyss between Heaven and Earth. Panty likes sex, Stocking likes sweets, their afro-sporting main man Garter Belt has a fetish we can't mention. Together, they're turning the mean streets of Daten City into a buffet of bodily fluids. Ghosts don't stand a chance against their lingerie of mass destruction, and if this debaucherous duo can collect enough Heaven Coins, they just might get their halos back. It's a slim chance in hell, but anything can happen when you're rolling commando, especially with Panty and Stocking! (Source: FUNimation) A satire gag story about politics for adults. According to the Kuroshitsuji website, there are 6 OVAs included in the DVD releases. DVD 2: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 1) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 3: Welcome to the Phantomhive's This is meant to be like a simulation game. Elizabeth invites a lady (perhaps the viewer) to join her at a ball held at the Phantomhive mansion. DVD 5: The Making of Kuroshitsuji II This is a Hollywood style documentary with behind the scenes interviews with Sebastian, Ciel, Claude and Alois etc. DVD 6: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 2) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 8: The Tale of William the Shinigami William and Grell have to train new shinigami and reminisce about when they were training partners. DVD 9: The Spider's Intention The life in Trancy household and how those work under Alois is caring for him. The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] A television anime adaptation of the Tachumaru Zukan project. Tachumaru Zukan re-imagines some of Tatsunoko's most popular anime franchises as a newly evolved species of super-deformed animals known as "Tachuu-rui." These mysterious "Tachumaru" (Tachumals) are "small and cute," but have special fighting moves. (Source: ANN) According to Tsutaya Online, the DVD of Gintama: Shinyaku Benizakura-hen will be released on December 15th. A new special will be bundled with the limited edition. It's the running gag of Ben Johnson episode where animation staff reuse the New Years footage; Yorozuya would sit around the kotatsu eating a bowl of tangerines. They discuss elaborate subjects, Shinpachi complains about reusing animation footage, and then Gin-chan always ending the gag with a pointless announcement. Tono to Issho OVA. A project made to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Animate mascot character Anime Tenchou, screened at the Animate Ichioshi Bishoujo Matsuri event in Tokyo. (Source: AniDB) This Fan Disc gathers two of the most popular episodes and re-edits them to create a single story. These episodes are "Chibitalia" and "America's Storehouse Cleaning". The unaired episode "Ore-sama Nikki" is also included. How do you resolve a conflict between powerful spirits of famous heroes for a prize capable of granting any wish? Wage a war that will cost your blood, sweat, and tears? Too much work—how about a game-show competition instead? Carnival Phantasm takes a number of characters from Type-Moon's original works, and puts them in a variety of light-hearted scenarios which parody their respective series. Watch Lancer suffering due to his low luck stat, or watch the egotistical King of Heroes gladly kneel to a dominatrix King of Knights. Just remember to leave your sanity at the door. Super-deformed version of Hokuto no Ken, Buronson & Hara Tetsuo's post-apocalyptic fighting manga. Note: The "DD" stands for "Design Deformation," since the characters are only "two-heads-tall." (Source: AniDB) Katsu Kaizou is a very gullible, 17-year-old high school student and a believer in science fiction, aliens, ghosts, UFOs, conspiracies, etc. He thinks that everything going on around him is the result of some sort of alien plot to take over the world. Each story is pretty much self-contained and is completely bizarre. Kaizou joins the school's science club, makes new friends, and ends up coming in contact with all sorts of strange things like log people, deadly sushi, pee-blades, scary infections, robot invasions, ghosts, living dolls, and more! New series of shorts featuring Index-tan. Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events. With things such as story out of the way, Higurashi cranks up the fanservice with Kira, a new OVA series to commemorate the series' 10th anniversary, featuring nail-biting situations such as Rika and Satoko becoming magical girls to battle evil magic crime syndicates with the help of their trusty squad of cheerleaders, among other things. The excitement may be too much to handle. Do you dare step inside the... "different" world of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kira? Extra episodes of Hetalia World Series. Includes: - Hetalia Extra 1: Chatty Nordics - Hetalia Extra 2: Celebrating Halloween - Hetalia Extra 3: Previously in Hetalia - Hetalia Extra 4: Hetalia Fantasia Parody opening for a spin-off of Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica, starring the characters from the upcoming visual novel game SoniComi by Nitro+. This was released by Nitro+ as an April fools' prank, complete with an official website announcing a full TV series. A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release. Tako-chan joins Seibu Railways in 2011, and gets assigned to Tanashi Station. He finally became a railway employee like he always yearned for, but he constantly keeps making blunders, and so all his work seems to be useless. Will the day come when he can stand on his own? (Source: Official Site) According to Kadokawa, an OVA of R-15 will be bundled with the tenth volume of the novel. An unaired scene (C part) from the first episode. A pilot film streamed on the anime studio Toei Animation's website. The female leads in the film are dressed as various famous robots in Toei's anime catalog—the girls are personifications of robots in the Gaiking ("Gai-chan"), Magnerobo Ga-Keen ("Gacky"), and Superhuman Combat Team Baratack ("Bara-tan") and the newly added character is from the anime Planet Robot Danguard Ace. (Source: ANN) DVD specials. Episode 1 -  朗読少年 (Lecture Shounen): Macaron's special training by Kuu-chan. Episode 2 - 朗読兄弟 (Lecture brothers): Macaron's special training by his brother Daigorou. Episode 3 - もう一つのエンディング~囚われの安藤なつ~ (Another ending ~ Natsu Andou's imprisonment): A series of short comedic parodies on Japanese folklore. A special feature based on a real-time run of the Fate/Hollow Ataraxia Visual Novel's mini-game, Illya's Castle. The key characters' voice actor/actress' participate in live commentary for the duration of the game. Parody web specials. 3 specials released with the BD/DVDs. As the secret society, Eagle Talon, was planning world domination as always, a scream sounded from the kitchen! Instead of dinner, combat chief Yoshida-kun somehow ended up making a black hole! The hero of justice Deluxe Fighter joins the fray for some reason, and they all decide to go to outer space to see a real black hole! What could be awaiting them there? What is the mysterious link between blackholes and mankind? When a young woman is murdered, a mysterious force brings her back to take revenge! Never coming to a theater near you! A spinoff chibi flash animation style commercials of Last Exile: Ginyoku no Fam made specifically to promote the DVD/BD release of the main series. One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB) Based on Mitsuba and Ichijinsha's 30-sai no Hoken Taiiku (Health and Physical Education for 30-Year-Olds) guidebook. The guide is aimed at men in their 30s who have not experienced romance or sex with women yet. Imagawa Hayao is a 30-year-old virgin bachelor. One day, a cupid descends from heaven with the express purpose of forcing him to graduate from virginity. Thus unfolds a pure love story between a 30-year-old bachelor and a 30-year-old bachelorette. (Source: AniDB) Miyamae Kanako, a high school girl, who is allergic to boys, enrolls in an all-girls school, hoping to find a female romantic partner. However, her ideal candidate, Shidou Mariya, turns out to be a mischievous cross-dressing boy, who together with his sarcastic maid Shinouji Matsurika, give Kanako really difficult times. Time passes and Kanako still fantasizes about her ideal female romantic partner(s), to no avail, alas. Living in the same room at the dormitory Mariya and his outspoken maid keep on challenging Kanako's sense of reality on a daily basis. (Source: AniDB) Hayate, Nagi and the gang spend the last days of summer break at Nishizawa's countryside vacation home. But a mysterious spirit has concocted a scheme to separate the butler from his young mistress. (Source: ANN) After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sugisaki Ken, through diligence and academic excellence, had successfully entered the paradise that is the Hekiyou Private Academy's Student Council. There, he boldly embarks on his plan to create his personal harem with the 4 girls who are the other council members, namely: The incredibly youthful president Sakurano Kurimu; The cool and kindly yet super-sadistic secretary Akaba Chizuru; Tomboyish and hot-blooded vice-president Shiina Minatsu; and The ephemerally beautiful yet complicated treasurer Shiina Mafuyu. While every day since then has been non-stop fun, Graduation Day now looms near. Could this spell the end of their carefree days? (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston) A new special episode that was distributed to those who purchase all three Blu-ray box sets of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei series on January 31, 2012. Mahiro Yasaka is just an ordinary high school student, until one day he is suddenly attacked by a dangerous monster. Just when everything seems to be lost, he is saved by a silver-haired girl named Nyaruko, who claims to be the shape-shifting deity Nyarlathotep from horror author H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, sent by the Space Defense Agency to Earth. She explains to Mahiro that the creature chasing him was an alien called Nightgaunt, who had planned on abducting and selling him as a slave. After rescuing him from the alien, the Lovecraftian deity falls madly in love with Mahiro and forces herself into his household, much to his chagrin. Moreover, they are soon joined by two others from the fictional universe: Cthuko, a girl obsessed with Nyaruko, and Hasuta, a young boy easily mistaken for a beautiful female. Together, the three eccentric aliens protect Mahiro from the various extraterrestrial dangers that threaten both his and Earth's well-being, all the while making his life a living hell. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sengoku Collection revolves around many samurai who are accidentally removed from a parallel universe inhabited by well-known historic characters. Unlike the historical war period known to us, all inhabitants in this unique world look like high school girls. Coming from the medieval era and finding themselves totally amazed by everything they encounter in modern day Tokyo, the girls become best friends through their adventures. (Source: Crunchyroll) In the all-new story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass power for his little sister Nunnally, who loves Alice in Wonderland. Shakugan no Shana-tan: Final Destruction specials bundled with the limited edition second and sixth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana III (Final) Blu-ray and DVD. Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures! (Source: Crunchyroll) Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, isn't a secret society anymore! In fact, it's a famous society, known by just about every household in Japan there is, because Eagle Talon went nation-wide with golden time on NHK! Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, is going nation-wide by broadcasting a new series through NHK! But that's not all, they're going world-wide with a new series on their homepage as well! A 3-minute trailer of the new TV series, Eagle Talon NEO, and the new ONA series, himitsukesshatakanotsume.jp, with original footage. Born with a silver spoon, Ichiko Sakura is overflowing with good fortune. She is wealthy, beautiful, athletic, and smart. Not only that, but everyone around her does whatever they can to ensure that her perfect life is not disturbed in any way. Talk about luck! Unfortunately for everyone else, it turns out she is actually sponging up all of the good fortune and leaving them high and dry! On the opposite end of the spectrum lies Momiji, who is a god of poverty. She has been sent to take Ichiko down a peg or two in order to restore balance to the world, and will attempt to use everything else at her disposal to suck out all of that fortune. Binbougami Ga! is a battle between fortune and misfortune. A battle that will employ verbal jabs, dirty tricks, and odd-ball bets. Will the human with all the luck in the world or the deity with nothing but misfortune come out on top? A special short in BD BOX. A collaboration between Blue Exorcist and Kakko Kawaii Sengen. This story revolves around a spirited, carefree boy named Kazuma Harukaze, who lives with his little sister Sakura and his horse Lovely on a farm within sight of Mt. Fuji. One day, a "meteor" lands nearby, and it turns out to be Hinkeeru — a messenger from Muzanda who has come to warn Earth of a grave danger — and a robot horse named Robony. (Source: ANN) Noya Itsuki just transferred to Ebisugawa High School. Since he has always had a fascination with space, he decides to join the Astronomy Club. However, he mistakenly walks into the Asstronomy Club - a club whose members are all female otaku. Itsuki notices that the members are really weird, but he has yet to realize that he joined the wrong club. His life becomes very strange very quickly. A series of short specials aired on the official website prior to the movie release. It consists of an explanation about the anime from the perspective of the twin characters, Motoe Nono and Motoe Nene. An additional episode was aired at the Clamp Festival 2012.  It was later included in Blood-C: The Last Dark Limited Edition BD and DVD. Taking place one month after the events that occurred in the movie Heaven is a Place on Earth. Living at the Sanzenin Mansion once again, Nagi returns to her old ways of life, until she receives word from American authorities informing her that she has a week to pick up her late father's belongings that was indefinitely delayed due to various circumstances. After receiving news of her father whom she doesn't remember, Nagi then meets a mysterious girl (with a hidden agenda) claiming to be Nagi's little sister. The series tells a new story that is original to the anime and not directly based on the manga. The main author of the original series Kenjiro Hata personally created the original concept for the story of this anime. (Source: Hayate no Gotoku! Wikia) Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc. Sakata Gintoki, Kagura, and Shinpachi Shimura continue to scrape a living as freelance jack-of-all-trades at Edo while amidst the several odd humans and aliens that inhabit the peculiar metropolis. (Source: ANN) This season contains episodes that were aired in the previous seasons of Gintama. For complete episode information, see the More Info tab. Series of 10 shorts parodying the popular classic anime Lupin III. BD/DVD specials. Adaptation of the short story written by Manta Aisora for the first issue of GA Bunko magazine. Demonic Vice-Commander of the Shinsengumi, Toushirou Hijikata, acquires a cursed sword—one which completely rewrites his personality, morphing him from a hard-boiled, no-nonsense cop into a hopeless otaku. As he struggles to break the curse, an ambitious new member of the police force, Itou Kamotarou, seizes the opportunity to depose Hijikata in his bid for power within the organization. However, Itou's scheme is revealed to be more devious than anyone imagined, and the very existence of the Shinsengumi is thrown into peril. In another time and place, the Yorozuya squad is suddenly greeted by a potential new recruit. Before them is a mysterious young woman named Pirako Doromizu who hides a penchant for extreme violence behind her smiling, enthusiastic exterior. However, unbeknownst to Gintoki and the others, Pirako has strong ties to one of the ruling figures of the Kabuki district of Edo, and her arrival sets off a chain reaction that throws the inhabitants of the district into a civil war. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Collaboration special where Eagle Talon examines Tamagotchi's popularity with girls.  One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes is a parody series that references folktales, classic literature, and modern comics, films, and animation from a variety of countries and regions. After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures! (Source: Crunchyroll) Blu-ray disc bundled with the fourth volume of the manga. Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc. The fifth season of Hetalia . When Gintoki apprehends a movie pirate at a premiere, he checks the camera's footage and finds himself transported to a bleak, post-apocalyptic version of Edo, where a mysterious epidemic called the "White Plague" has ravished the world's population. It turns out that the movie pirate wasn't a pirate after all—it was an android time machine, and Gintoki has been hurtled five years into the future! Shinpachi and Kagura, his Yorozuya cohorts, have had a falling out and are now battle-hardened solo vigilantes and he himself has been missing for years, disappearing without a trace after scribbling a strange message in his journal. Setting out in the disguise given to him by the android time machine, Gintoki haphazardly reunites the Yorozuya team to investigate the White Plague, and soon discovers that the key to saving the future lies in the darkness of his own past. Determined to confront a powerful foe, he makes an important discovery—with a ragtag band of friends and allies at his side, he doesn't have to fight alone. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Nyaruko still wants Mahiro, as does Hasuta. Kūko wants Nyaruko, but believes both Nyaruko's and Mahiro's "first time" belongs to her. Yoriko puts up with all of it and cheerfully runs the house where they all live. Mahiro just wants some sanity. He doesn't want to be the love toy of a Nyarlathotepan, Cthughan, or a shots-like Hasturan. He may or may not hold out. (Source: ANN) Once upon a time, the demon lord Rchimedes spread terror throughout the world, until he was eventually sealed away by the legendary hero Creasion. Since then, a thousand years have passed peacefully. However, a mysterious hole has opened up between the demon and human spheres, and countless demons have surged into the human realm once more. Coming to the conclusion that Rchimedes would soon return to wreak havoc, a human king summons the possible descendants of the legendary hero—all 75 of them. Unfortunately, after so long, it was too difficult to pinpoint his true descendants. Among the lionhearted prospects is the amateur adventurer Alba Frühling. His skills may not be top-notch, but he is accompanied by the talented soldier Ross, who helps the young hero whenever he is in a pinch...or at least, he is supposed to. Though undoubtedly a skilled warrior, Ross is actually both sarcastic and sadistic, and hence revels in Alba's suffering. Senyuu. is a comedic adventure following the unlikely duo as they struggle in their endeavor to defeat the demon lord, meeting various eccentrics along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An OVA bundled with the eighth volume of the Seitokai Series Spinoff novel. The story itself takes place on Valentine's Day where you could see how the second season's heroines handle the awkward situation of giving a gift to the main character, Sugisaki Ken. After years of fruitless war between the four realms of Gamindustri (Planeptune, Lastation, Lowee and Leanbox) over Share energy, the source of their strength based on how much their people have faith in their goddesses, the four CPUs that rule over them have finally signed a friendship treaty. The treaty bans any attempt at claiming Share energy through military force, in hopes of bringing peace and prosperity to their worlds. Yet, a month after the treaty, Neptune, the CPU Goddess of Planeptune, spends her time goofing off and playing games rather than doing her job, leaving her land's Shares plummeting. Choujigen Game Neptune The Animation follows Neptune and her friends' attempts at raising Shares, while dealing with an external threat that could spell the end of both the Goddesses and Gamindustri itself... Taking place after the events that occurred in Hayate no Gotoku! Can't Take My Eyes off You. Hayate, Nagi and Maria return to their daily lives at the Sanzenin Mansion and the Violet Mansion. (Source: Hayate no Gotoku! Wikia) Special episodes released with the Hetalia: The Beautiful World BD/DVDs. Include 4 episodes: Extra 1: Buon San Valentino - First Part Extra 2: Buon San Valentino - Last Part Extra 3: The Centennial Gift Extra 4: Liechtenstein and the Hedgehog Country It's a special project commemorating the 30th anniversary of Hokuto no Ken. The anime re-imagines the story with the characters Maya Kitajima and her rival Ayumi Himekawa being delinquent girls who both aspire to be the leader of the "Crimson Goddess" gang. New Glass no Kamen movie. Sequel to the previous season. An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard. Another college semester begins and the returning members of Genshiken attempt to recruit new club members. Three new members join the club, attracted by Ogiue's BL drawings. She welcomes the new members but fears the club will become a "fujoshi" haven for yaoi fans and is getting a bit too far removed from it's original purpose. (Source: ANN) Second season of Senyuu. Bundled with the limited edition of the 6th volume of the manga. The story re-imagines the cast of the Fate/Zero as cute super-deformed characters who open a café, led by Saber as the manager. (Source: ANN) Inspired by hero shows and his own grandfather, driven by an unfaltering sense of justice, one man stands up for what is right. By day, he is superstar model Masayoshi Hazama. By night, he is Samurai Flamenco ! His outfit may be handmade and cheesy, and his fighting skills might be nonexistent, but that doesn’t stop Masayoshi. He’ll clean this city of crime, one misdemeanor at a time－as soon as the bad guys start taking him seriously. Masayoshi might start out as a nobody, but he doesn’t let that stop him. Before he knows it, his vigilante alter-ego has gained the attention of quite a number of people. Joined by good-guy cop Hidenori Goto, a J-pop star trio, an actor and martial artist master, and a motley crew of other characters, Masayoshi lives out his dream of becoming a tokusatsu superhero. But the dream is about to turn into a nightmare. Samurai Flamenco’s crime-fighting ways escalate quickly from preventing littering and petty theft to insane adventures and the fate of the world resting squarely on his costumed shoulders. What makes a true hero? Masayoshi is about to find out. Having a light novel author father and an eroge illustrator mother, Kanou Shinichi is a thoroughbred otaku. However he does not have any special power except for his broad knowledge, sharp insight, and impeccable instinct about "MOE" and its products, from manga to anime to games to light novel to figures. One day he found himself transported to a fantasy world where elves live and dragons fly. And he is given a task—not to fight monster or embark on a quest, but to enhance cultural exchange by becoming a "moe missionary" in this fantasy world! He meets a palace guard who has a bit of fujoshi taste, a half-elf maid, and the empress who is a little girl. He comes up with the idea of building a school. At first it runs as a comedy but later there are serious matters that Shinichi needs to face: ethnic discrimination, social problems, conflict with neighboring countries, sabotage by opposition elements including Japanese government, etc. Can he overcome the obstacles, successfully bring "moe" culture to the fantasy world, and help the people there as well? Shingeki no Kyojin Picture Drama  is a series of Flash animated gag shorts included with the Blu-ray Disc/DVD releases, featuring the characters in chibi form. Consisting of nine episodes, this series takes a light hearted and comedic take on the the SNK series with many memorable scenes and dialogues from the original series presented in humorous way. Each episodes depicts 2-3 days in the training of the 104th Trainee Corps as they train to become the hope for mankind in the war against the Titans. Yoshida-kun and members of the Eagle Talon secret society step up to defend the humankind from evil invaders. Special episodes included in BD. The CG anime centers around the extracurricular activities of students. (Source: AniDB) Based on the same name gag yonkoma manga by Tenho Iwatani. It is year 40XX in the Universal Era. The story takes place on Jinmen planet which is quite far away in the universe. This is a passionate tale about a human-faced dog and his troubled comrades. (Source: Anime Bancho) Baka Miserables follows the every day life of a family that goes into Les Misérables-style ballads for minor inconveniences or irks. Based on the Ninja Awate-maru comedy manga by Jirou Tsunoda. An incarnation of the Peeping Life franchise covers Tezuka anime characters and Tatsunoko Production anime characters such as Princess Sapphire and Casshern. 2 bonus episodes done as a part of the 100th Anniversary campaign video collaboration with Universal Studios. Episode 1 features E.T. and episode 2 features Jaws. 4 Peeping Life: Tezuka Pro - Tatsunoko Pro Wonderland episodes that did not make it to the official DVD. A continuation of the previous season under a new director and new name. Three additional episodes of Macross Fufonfia released exclusively on the Digitally Remastered DVD/BD Box Set of Macross Frontier. Episode 0 of Robot Girls Z . Zhiquiang is a young boy who loves playing League of Legends with his friends. Follow his crazy adventures. Second season of One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes . “Ghost” is an online mobile game that Ye Yinyi always dreamed of completing, and to that end, has poured his blood and tears into it, even missing a date with his girlfriend. However, he learns about an alarming monster attack on a young woman near his house, a photograph of which shows the monster to bear a resemblance to the monster he designed. Why is the world of his mobile game appearing in real life? Inspired by hero shows and his own grandfather, driven by an unfaltering sense of justice, one man stands up for what is right. By day, he is superstar model Masayoshi Hazama. By night, he is Samurai Flamenco ! His outfit may be handmade and cheesy, and his fighting skills might be nonexistent, but that doesn’t stop Masayoshi. He’ll clean this city of crime, one misdemeanor at a time－as soon as the bad guys start taking him seriously. Masayoshi might start out as a nobody, but he doesn’t let that stop him. Before he knows it, his vigilante alter-ego has gained the attention of quite a number of people. Joined by good-guy cop Hidenori Goto, a J-pop star trio, an actor and martial artist master, and a motley crew of other characters, Masayoshi lives out his dream of becoming a tokusatsu superhero. But the dream is about to turn into a nightmare. Samurai Flamenco’s crime-fighting ways escalate quickly from preventing littering and petty theft to insane adventures and the fate of the world resting squarely on his costumed shoulders. What makes a true hero? Masayoshi is about to find out. The story revolves around a new team of "Toei robot girls" named "Team Z" that is made up of three girls based on Toei's Mazinger Z franchise: Mazinger Z, Great Mazinger, and UFO Robot Grendizer. Usually they perform in activities around Nerima ward in Tokyo to raise the awareness of the promising future energy source "Photon Power" (koushiryoku). However, there are times when "Mechanical Beast" team of girls emerge from the "Subterranean Empire" and attempt to steal the energy. Thus "Team Z" has to battle them to prevent this, though sometimes they just go and beat up the "bad girls" to relieve stress. Please note that because in this particular case MAL lists airings, not episodes/chapters/parts, this show is considered to be 3 episodes and not 9. Each of the three airings consisted of three episodes for a total runtime of 27 minutes per airing. The duration on MAL reflects this. Unaired episode adapted from the manga chapter "I Was Overwhelmed by Heroines." Characters from various games released by Falcom (e.g. Dragon Slayer, The Legend of Heroes, and Ys series) come together in a school. A parody of Flanders no Inu that has Parasche being a key-activated mecha robot who fights the antagonists. Second season of Tesagure! Bukatsumono . Based on the upcoming "Underground Princess" idol role playing game for mobile devices. Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series. Zundamaru is back... For now! Even without missions, we elite ninjas face grave dangers every day! (Anime Bancho) New OVA series of Hayate no Gotoku!, which is part of the manga's 10th anniversary project.  One episode each will be bundled with volumes 41 to 43 of the manga. Hot Spring-themed OVA of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san W . The rebroadcasting of the 12-episode TV anime Arpeggio of Blue Steel: Ars Nova has started on Tokyo MX and Sun TV since yesterday on April 5. Its each episode comes with a newly-produced 60-second parody short series "Kirikumas" featuring the world all of the mental model girls become stuffed teddy bears. (Source: Crunchyroll) Bonus episodes 3.5, 6.5, and 9.5 included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases. Anime adaptation of the 4-koma manga Mobile Suit Gundam-san . The "Life Is Movie" featuring indie animator Junichi Yamamoto and Flash animator Tokumaru Naoko reintroducing the Hidenori Takahashi voiced passionate human-faced dog NEET/would be detective will be released as OVA and online on the Bandai Channel later this summer. (Sourced: Crunchyroll) After "ruining" Ghost in the Shell and Nodame Cantabile, the writer/director/Flash animator Frogman's Calorie Mate sponsored Channel 5.5 parodies its next target, Riyoko Ikeda's influential shoujo classic Rose of Versailles. Mayo Suzukaze reprises her role as Oscar François de Jarjayes, a girl raised as a man to become her father's successor as leader of the French royal Palace Guards, which Suzukaze previously performed in the Takarazuka Revue stage musical adaptation of the work. (Source: Crunchyroll) Channel 5.5's first series of spoofs parodies Kindaichi Case Files. (Source: Crunchyroll) Anime Project Channel 5.5, energy supplement Calorie Mate and Eagle Talon's Frogman have teamed up to present a spoof of the new Ghost in the Shell: Arise series. Though Maaya Sakamoto voices the famous cyborg Motoko Kusanagi in the Arise OVA, Sumire Uesaka stars in the parody. (Source: Crunchyroll) Following their run of comedy shorts with Sumire Uesaka as Ghost in the Shell: Arise's Motoko Kusanagi,  Project Channel 5.5, energy supplement Calorie Mate and Eagle Talon's Frogman will next been spoofing classical music manga Nodame Cantabile. And like GitS, there will be some cast changes. Yuuki Kaji takes on the role of perfectionist piano student Shinichi Chiaki, previously voiced by Tomokazu Seki, while Tomoko Kaneda is his free-spirited foil Megumi Noda, previously voiced by Ayako Kawasumi in the earlier adaptations of Tomoko Ninomiya's josei manga. (Source: Crunchyroll) Zhiquiang is a young boy who loves playing League of Legends with his friends. The series follows his crazy adventures.  A collaboration commercial between Gaist Crusher and Mameshiba. The fifth season of Hetalia . Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series. Bundled with limited edition of the 58th Gintama manga volume. The tagline for the bundled anime reads, "It's time for all the Yorozuya members ...to wake up just one more time." (Source: MAL News, edited) This special Gintama episode was previewed at a screening at Jump Special Anime Festa 2014. On April 3, 2015, it was bundled with a limited edition of the manga's 58th volume.  The warriors who have been warped by the rampaging power of Justice have been summoned into the world of Xanadu. It is up to Dark Fact, a former villain, and principal Lappi to re-educate these students. (Source: AniDB) A new OVA of the light novel Haiyore! Nyaruko-san, titled Haiyore! Nyaruko-san F , has been green-lit. (Source: MAL News) Picks up after the events of Transformers 2010. Ultra Magnus goes on a solo mission through various Decepticon strongholds to find out exactly what happened to Optimus. The sixth season of Hetalia . A spin-off of the Tesagure! Bukatsumono series. Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko? Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team. Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama 's third season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Robot Girls Z+, the new Robot Girls Z anime, will be six monthly shorts that will debut next spring. The protagonists of Team Z will appear in the new shorts, along with the reformed Team G, Team LOD, Team Gou, and characters that first appeared in the franchise's online game. The new shorts' story will be based two classic "Toei Manga Matsuri" films, Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo) and Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo G - Kuuchuu Dai-Gekitotsu (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo G - The Great Space Encounter). (Source: ANN) A series of absurdist gag stories with limited continuity. Each episode consists of a varying amount of stories and a total of 26 stories were made. The seemingly ordinary and unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby: being a hero. In order to pursue his childhood dream, he trained relentlessly for three years—and lost all of his hair in the process. Now, Saitama is incredibly powerful, so much so that no enemy is able to defeat him in battle. In fact, all it takes to defeat evildoers with just one punch has led to an unexpected problem—he is no longer able to enjoy the thrill of battling and has become quite bored. This all changes with the arrival of Genos, a 19-year-old cyborg, who wishes to be Saitama's disciple after seeing what he is capable of. Genos proposes that the two join the Hero Association in order to become certified heroes that will be recognized for their positive contributions to society, and Saitama, shocked that no one knows who he is, quickly agrees. And thus begins the story of One Punch Man , an action-comedy that follows an eccentric individual who longs to fight strong enemies that can hopefully give him the excitement he once felt and just maybe, he'll become popular in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series. An episode of Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC that acts as an advertisement for a related Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC game, aired in Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC's regular time slot a week after episode 12. The school love story is set at Baramon High School, a private boys' school for the prefecture's most elite. The protagonist is a seventeen year old boy who transfers into the school and meets various major players on campus, such as the outlaw teacher, the soccer captain, and a childhood friend whom the protagonist has not seen for seven years. The school presents opportunities for friendship, love and conflict, and changes are now bound to happen in the main character's life. (Source: ANN) When darkness threatens the world, four heroes hold the only hope for salvation—if they can even manage to get out of the first town, that is. Bikini Warriors follows a party of beautiful adventurers in revealing armor: courageous Fighter, airheaded Paladin, timid Mage, and alluring Darkelf. But can you really be an adventurer if you don't get going on an adventure? Our heroes are eternally broke, insufferably vain, and frequently outmatched by the dangers of their world. Between fleeing dungeons and robbing peasants, the unlikely heroes will have to learn to live with each other before they can survive a battle with ultimate evil! Second season of Q Transformers . In the 21st century, the characters of Fist of the North Star are living in peaceful Japan. In particular, Kenshirou is a convenience store worker, Raoh works at a factory, and wracked by illness, Toki is looking for work. The legend of the Fighting NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) North Star begins in the modern day. (Source: Crunchyroll) Note : Short stories adapting Hokuto no Ken: Ichigo Aji manga are included at the end of each episode. Serving as a spinoff gag manga of the original Hokuto no Ken series, the story is a parody of Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara. It consists of page-long gags centered mainly on Souther, both within his final battle with Kenshiro and inserting himself into other parts of the series where he doesn't belong. One recurring gag involves the kid with a turban repeatedly stabbing Souther in the leg every time he climbs the pyramid's staircase, and another involves Rei suddenly transforming into Souther in his iconic moments. (Source: Hokuto no Ken Wikia) Schick x Evangelion commercials. Extra episodes included in the DVD volumes of Hetalia: The World Twinkle . The majority of the Matsuno household is comprised of six identical siblings: self-centered leader Osomatsu, manly Karamatsu, voice of reason Choromatsu, cynical Ichimatsu, hyperactive Juushimatsu, and lovable Todomatsu. Despite each one of them being over the age of 20, they are incredibly lazy and have absolutely no motivation to get a job, choosing to live as NEETs instead. In the rare occurrence that they try to look for employment and are somehow able to land an interview, their unique personalities generally lead to their swift rejection. From trying to pick up girlfriends to finding the perfect job, the daily activities of the Matsuno brothers are never dull as they go on all sorts of crazy, and often downright bizarre, adventures. Though they desperately search for a way to improve their social standing, it won't be possible if they can't survive the various challenges that come with being sextuplets! [Written by MAL Rewrite] According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015. (Source: Hobby Japan) On his first day of junior high, Eren Yeager comes face-to-face with a titan—and has his lunch stolen! From that day on, he holds a grudge against titans for taking his favorite food from him, a cheeseburger, vowing to eliminate their kind once and for all. Along with his adoptive sister Mikasa Ackerman and their friend Armin Arlert, the trio traverse the halls of Titan Junior High, encountering familiar faces and participating in various extracurricular activities as part of the Wall Cleanup Club. A parody of the immensely popular parent series, Shingeki! Kyojin Chuugakkou places beloved characters as junior high school students, fighting to protect their lunches from gluttonous titans. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard.   Bundled with the tenth volume of One Punch-Man manga. While Saitama is training to become a hero, he needs one more thing before he can become a real hero. The origins of his hero suit is revealed. Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man . Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases. Gintama event anime that premiered at the Jump Special Anime Festa 2015 tour. A new short episode of the Mobile Suit Gundam-san parody series. (Source: ANN) Short anime of Arslan Senki (TV) characters working in an office environment. The first 3 episodes were released via NBCUniversal Anime/Music , and the remaining 3 episodes were released on October 5, 2016 when all 6 episodes were bundled in Volume 2 BD & DVD of Arslan Senki (TV): Fuujin Ranbu . Surprise special for the 1 year anniversary for Under the Dog's Kickstarter campaign. The film adaptation of the One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes web manhua. Season 3 of One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes .  A CalorieMate x FROGMAN collaboration in a school setting. A CalorieMate x FROGMAN collaboration in a school setting. A variety of shorts centering around a suave banana. Based on a toy franchise published by the Banpresto gaming company.
