Lain Iwakura, an awkward and introverted fourteen-year-old, is one of the many girls from her school to receive a disturbing email from her classmate Chisa Yomoda—the very same Chisa who recently committed suicide. Lain has neither the desire nor the experience to handle even basic technology; yet, when the technophobe opens the email, it leads her straight into the Wired, a virtual world of communication networks similar to what we know as the internet. Lain's life is turned upside down as she begins to encounter cryptic mysteries one after another. Strange men called the Men in Black begin to appear wherever she goes, asking her questions and somehow knowing more about her than even she herself knows. With the boundaries between reality and cyberspace rapidly blurring, Lain is plunged into more surreal and bizarre events where identity, consciousness, and perception are concepts that take on new meanings. Written by Chiaki J. Konaka, whose other works include Texhnolyze , Serial Experiments Lain is a psychological avant-garde mystery series that follows Lain as she makes crucial choices that will affect both the real world and the Wired. In closing one world and opening another, only Lain will realize the significance of their presence. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Perfect Blue revolves around the main protagonist, Mima Kirigoe, a member of a pop idol group named “CHAM!”. After evaluating her situation, she decides to give up her idol status to pursue a career as an actress, what she believes to be the next step in making a name for herself in the industry. However, one of her most hardcore fans, Me-Mania, is less than happy about the path she has decided to take. Now reborn as an actress, Mima accepts an interesting role, ignoring her manager, Rumi Hidaka's reservations about it. While on set, strange things begin to happen to people who are involved with the film. As time goes on, Mima begins to break down mentally, struggling to distinguish fantasy from reality. Will Mima be able to escape the grip of her stalker and turn in a break out performance, or will she descend into madness? In a loose retelling of the Revolutionary Girl Utena TV series, Utena Tenjou arrives at Ohtori Academy, only to be immediately swept up in a series of duels for the hand of her classmate Anthy Himemiya and the power she supposedly holds. At the same time, Utena reunites with Touga Kiryuu, a friend from her childhood who seems to know the secrets behind the duels. Utena must discover those secrets for herself, before the power that rules Ohtori claims her and her friends, new and old. (Source: ANN) Nothing interesting happens in Naota's life since his brother left for America, leaving him with his grandfather and father in their boring little town. On his way home with Mamimi—his brother's ex-girlfriend—a pink-haired, crazy woman riding a Vespa named Haruko suddenly slams into him, kisses him, and then bashes him in the head with her guitar before riding off. The next thing he knows, the crazy girl is working as his housekeeper, two robots sprout from his forehead to do battle, and the surviving one starts living with him as well. I think it's fair to say that Naota has parted ways with his old mundane life. FLCL is a kooky coming-of-age story with surprisingly deep undertones as the twelve-year-old Naota develops through the wild antics of Haruko and matures along the way into adulthood. Five years ago, a string of grisly murders shook the city to its core and now the rumors have begun once more. Boogiepop... Everyone knows about Boogiepop: meet her one dark night and you are taken. People tell each other the stories and laugh: no one believes that she can possibly exist in this day and age. Still, strange things appear to be going on and the darkness is taking on many forms. Something is out there. Are you safe? (Source: RightStuf) Alexander Senki (アレクサンダー戦記 Arekusandā Senki?), known in English as Reign: The Conqueror, is a Japanese anime first released in 1999. A re-imagination of the life of Alexander the Great based on the novel by Hiroshi Aramata, Alexander was intended to be a ground-breaking international production that drew on all the resources of the worldwide adult animation community. The design of characters and settings was given to Peter Chung, the Korean-American animator behind Aeon Flux; most of the production work was also handled by Korean animators. Nothing interesting happens in Naota's life since his brother left for America, leaving him with his grandfather and father in their boring little town. On his way home with Mamimi—his brother's ex-girlfriend—a pink-haired, crazy woman riding a Vespa named Haruko suddenly slams into him, kisses him, and then bashes him in the head with her guitar before riding off. The next thing he knows, the crazy girl is working as his housekeeper, two robots sprout from his forehead to do battle, and the surviving one starts living with him as well. I think it's fair to say that Naota has parted ways with his old mundane life. FLCL is a kooky coming-of-age story with surprisingly deep undertones as the twelve-year-old Naota develops through the wild antics of Haruko and matures along the way into adulthood. This work "Kikumana" is an animation of a girl called Kikumana who acts like in a stage performance, the role defeated by such an ill circumstance though she tries to find herself. The primal aim is to get the audience feeling a strange atmosphere spread from this work. The image has a pictorial atmosphere and a documentary touch at the same time. Unrealistic phenomena take place there. (Source: AniDB) The main character, a cat named Nyatto, embarks upon a journey to save his sister's soul, which was ripped in two when Nyatto tried to save her from Death. She trails after him, brain-dead. They encounter many brilliant, mind-bending situations, beginning with a disturbing magic show. (Source: ANN) After a stingy man eats some cherry seeds, a cherry tree grows on his head and he gets into a lot of trouble. It's the year 2010 on the planet of cats, where lies Meguro City, a megalopolis entirely controlled by the super-corporation Catty & Co. The nefarious influence of this corporate empire extends malignantly across the feline galaxy. Tamala, a carefree, one-year-old kitten, decides to flee this cruel reality and boards her spaceship in search of her planet of origin. (Source: IMDb) A masochistic mobster meets his match in the dark streets of Tokyo. His nemesis, Ichi, is a psychopathic killer with an unrelenting thirst for bloodshed. A horrifying secret burns in his mind, and his hands deal death without mercy. At last, the shrouds of mystery are parted to reveal the origin of the monster. The city will know its greatest fear at the unveiling of Ichi the Killer. (Source: ANN) A horrible murder has been committed on the grounds of Nankai Academy. Professor Yuko, one of the school's most popular teachers, died when she was pushed off of the roof of one of the school's buildings. Her death has left her students with feelings of confusion, pain, and above all else... anger. Four of her male students, Masayoshi, Daisuke, Mitsuru and Shinya, are determined to uncover the truth. They soon discover an important clue: Professor Yuko's planner had been marked on the very night she was killed... marked with the names of seven girls. With this evidence, the boys begin their investigations... and they'll use any method required in order to find the murderer. Through rape, manipulation and torture, they uncover important details, but piecing the puzzle together won't be easy. And the longer their search draws on, the more they feel themselves being overtaken by their own dark desires... Will they ever find out the truth behind Yuko's death? (Source: ANN) Nishi has always loved Myon since they were little. And now as adults, he wants to pursue his dream of becoming a manga artist and marrying his childhood sweetheart. There's one problem, though. She's already been proposed to and she thinks Nishi is too much of a wimp. But upon meeting the fiancé while at her family's diner and accepting him as a good guy, they encounter a couple Yakuza (Japanese mafia), only to have Nishi grasp a certain revelation. And, with his newly aquired look on life, adventures abound as he, Myon, and her sister Yan escape the Yakuza into a most unlikely location where they meet an old man... (Source: ANN) Experimental short film by Michio Mihara. These are a series of 13 omake episodes of Gun x Sword, tied in very loosely to the plot, with the characters as chibi puppets. The main characters are Wendy and her turtle, Kameo, who is the size of a human in this series and is able to talk. All the episodes seem to center around analyzing various events in Gun x Sword and mocking the themes displayed. They are included on the DVDs. (Source: Wikipedia) Plot Synopsis : Trilogy about clouds, that is, an omnibus movie consisting of three different stories of clouds. It is based on a charcoal drawing. The clouds without the fixed form are the worlds which surround us. 1 "Breathing Cloud" 3min 10sec People’s body and soul transform into big a cloud, and are mixed with erotic shapes. 2 "Looking At A Cloud." 5min 45sec Something happens at the junior high school. When a boy starts to draw a cloud, that drawing begin to move and eat the students... 3 "From The Cloud" 3min 50sec A funny little story about people living on the soft cloud. A look at their daily life, in the morning, they listen to the bell and begin to go down the sky. A series of 9 animated shorts based on the Frank comics by Jim Woodring, featuring computer/CGI, traditional cel, stop-motion, and even sand painting techniques.  Contributing animators and musicians include COCOA, Eri Yoshimura, Naomi Nagata, TAMAPRO/DROP, Taruto Fuyama, Masaki Maito, Kanako Kawagushi, Masaya Sakaue, Bill Frisell, Dame Darcy, and Woodring himself. Omake Special from the final DVD volume. The Special storyline has very little to do with the original series outside of having some of the same characters, and has a completely different storyline which does not fit into anything which came before it. (Source: AniDB) A series of 16 "short stories" created by the creator's group Images Forum. The stories are: Tokyo Strut (Sato Masahiko, Ueta Mio) Tokyo Trip (Tanaami Keiichi) Fishing Vine (Seike Mika) Yuki-chan (Oyama Kei) Dog & Bone (Shiriagari Kotobuki) Public Convenience (Tabaimo) TOKYO (Uda Atsuko) Black Fish (Aihara Nobuhiro) Unbalance (Ito Takashi) Tokyo Girl (Shimao Maho) Manipulated Man (Wada Atsushi) Nuance (Murata Tomoyasu) Hashimoto (Furukawa Taku) Funkorogashi (Kuri Yoji) Fig (Yamamura Koji) 12 O’Clock (Iwai Toshio) A hapless country doctor describes with breathless urgency a night-time summons to attend a young patient. Events soon take on a surreal aspect as "unearthly horses" transport him instantaneously to the bedside. The doctor, preoccupied with personal distractions and grievances against those he is employed to care for, fails to find what is revealed to be a vile, fatal wound. He is humiliated by the villagers, who are "always expecting the impossible from the doctor," and doomed to an endless return trip, losing everything. (Source: ANN) An anthology produced by Studio 4°C. 1: Genius Party (Atsuko Fukushima) 2: Shanghai Dragon (Shoji Kawamori) 3: Deathtic 4 (Shinji Kimura) 4: Doorbell (Yuji Fukuyama) 5: Limit Cycle (Hideki Futamura) 6: Happy Machine (Masaaki Yuasa) 7: Baby Blue (Shinichiro Watanabe) After a long 5-year wait, the team that created the widely acclaimed "TAMALA2010 A Punk Cat in Space" (Winner of the Jury and Public's Prize for Best Animated Feature Film in Canada's FanTasia 2003), brings you a fusion of extremely cute graphics and nice music. Also included are 3 shorts directed by Studio 4C's Hidekazu Ohara. It's a new animation world you'd want to see and listen to again and again. (Source: AniDB) The sequel to Genius Party. It includes most of the films which were eventually finished but not included in the original Genius Party. 1: Gala (Mahiro Maeda) 2: Moondrive (Kazuto Nakazawa) 3. Wanwa the Puppy (Shinya Ohira) 4: Tojin Kit (Tatsuyuki Tanaka) 5: Dimension Bomb (Koji Morimoto) G9+1 film. In this story, the kids are constantly forced to bury themselves into their endless homework by those giant monsters behind them. The children's brains are filled with water that can be heated by tension. If a kid is overstressed, the water in their brain would boil and produce steam, which becomes the food of the greedy monsters and the energy of the whole city. Thus, those poor children repeat their lives day after day, serving as the powerplant of their world, spending their childhood in tragic misery... A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release. In the black and white world with so many animals relaxing, there are small rabbits called 'usa' dancing in their world. (Source: Official site) Short animation by Sawako Kabuki. The mysterious, yellow-masked Storyteller is a man whose true name and origin are both unknown. He appears at dusk where children gather and recites sinister tales based on Japanese urban legends, to which his young audience eerily intakes. However, the Storyteller is no ordinary teller of tales. He incorporates a kamishibai, a traditional paper-scrolling device, to add visuals to his already demented narration. A series of short horror stories, Yami Shibai begins with a bachelor who, after moving into a new apartment, immediately starts sensing a malevolent glare being pressed into him. A single talisman rests on his ceiling, but he has no way of knowing it is one of the few safeguards that separate him from a bottomless pit of suffering. Each story is more terrifying, more appalling, and more sickening than the last as the Storyteller's audience find themselves being sucked into the vicious world of his words. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yamishibai is a picture-story style of animation whose motif is surrounded and based off rumors and urban legends throughout the history of Japan. (Source: Crunchyroll) The 365 days animation consists of sequence of 8760 pictures, all different shape and color, hand-drawn by the director every day in 365 days. This is the ultimate analog approach by the abstract animated film creator in digital era. (Source: IMDb) The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site) An 8-second animation that keeps looping... or does it? "There are two people who face each other in each space. Each pair keeps a few distance between their partners and find some fearful, tender, and comfortable feelings that fascinate them. The feelings are put into practice immediately, and they start groping each feelings. Somehow, I try to blend and connect them. "Feelings" are sound bliss for all who have a body and sense. I busily pick my feelings on the track of my life and reconstruct by animation to appreciate them." (Source: Yoriko Mizushiri) Opening animation for Tensai Banpaku Genius Expo directed by Mirai Mizue. Short animation by Sawako Kabuki. The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site) A short animation by Yutaro Kubo.
