Momoko is a high school student, trying to live up to her older sister Sakura. Sakura works in an office along with many other co-workers. The two sisters, and their friends, experience the everyday hardships and situations of being a woman. (Source: ANN) This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes. Miyazawa Yukino is the perfect student. Kind, intelligent, pretty and modest, it's unbelievable that such a person could exist. Little did everyone know Yukino's perfection was just a facade. An act to fulfill her desire for praise and admiration. Her life took a turn however, as a newcomer to their school Arima Soichiro topped the exam rankings. Arima is more than just intelligent, he's also kind, handsome and modest, an unbelievable person who can actually exist. Even worse luck, Arima found out Yukino's secret, blackmailing her to help him out. Their odd relationship soon develops into friendship and eventually into love. But can their love prevail through the many problems that come their way? Azusa Noyama is a 12-year-old girl student, taking 5th grade, but everyone knows her as Azuki-Chan, nickname that she dislikes. Yuunosuke Ogasawara, a new student, asks her about her nickname, saying that he likes it. Azuki falls in love with him, and they start going out together. They share a diary, and become boyfriend and girlfriend. (Source: ANN) The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) A slice of life anime about a bunch of animals living in Paniponi village. In Penguin Village, humans live alongside talking animals and objects. Senbei Norimaki is one of these humans, and he's an inventor with the lofty dream of creating the world's best robot girl. The product of his efforts is Arale, but depending on your definition of perfect, she's anything but! Not only is Arale severely nearsighted, but she also has no common sense! At least she has super-strength, though that often proves to be a setback as well. Although she means well, Arale only causes trouble for her neighbors in the whimsical Penguin Village! Ryoutsu, being an underpayed policeman, is always coming up with ways to make some quick money. But in the end, his plans which are ridiculous from the beginning always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the Buchou. Haruka Nishikikoji is an overweight doctor that never seems to attract any girls. Fate finds a way as he lands a job as a doctor in an elementary school, wherein his workplace can be found on top of the schools' roof and the actual clinic looks like a medieval castle. Just when everything seems to go downhill, a surprise came one day, her first love Koizumi Miyuki, applies as her soon to be nurse. Her name is Esumi Fuuka. Standing tall at 163 cm with a slender bodyline, she must be a university undergraduate; however, in reality, she is only an elementary school student. With a body figure of an adult and the mentality of a small child, she creates many misunderstandings around her. Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)  Fuguno Matsuo has never had a girlfriend all his 24 years in life and what makes things worse is that a fortune teller predicted that he never will. However, when he laid his eye on Nagisa-sensei he fell in-love right away and began earnestly wooing her. Along comes Hamaoka, a co-worker who is smitten with Fuguno, and a love-triangle ensues. The sixth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. This is not so much a story as it is a slice of life. Or rather, it is a look into portions of the life of a girl named Alpha, together with the people around her. Alpha runs a little cafe on the outskirts of Yokohama. There are almost no customers, but Alpha does not mind at all since she has the occasional company of the old man who runs the gasoline stand down the road, as well as that of his grandson Takahiro. This is a Yokohama of the future, when the sea covers most of the land and roads have disappeared under sand or water. Alpha is in fact a robot, looking after the cafe during her owner's indefinite leave of absence. (Source: AniDB) Oji Tanaka has a wife, a child and a mundane job as a salary man in Tokyo's modern society. But life wasn't dull for him to begin with; 15 years ago, he was known as "Gabriel", leader of a short-lived heavy metal band called Black Heaven. Oji's life gets a sudden change in direction when he is invited by a mysterious blonde woman named Layla to pick up his Gibson Flying V and once again display his "legendary" guitar skills, not knowing that his music generates power for a massive weapon in an intergalactic war. (Source: ANN) This was an anthology program containing several different anime each week along with some non-animated segments. Several of the animated films were short series including: Nazo no Rouba [謎の老婆] (tvss), Meibugyou Bun-san [名奉行・文さん], Jo Keibu Jinguuji Youko [女警部・神宮寺葉子], Remon Suzumori's Soudanjo [鈴森なんでも相談所]. (Source: animated-divots.net) Miyazawa Yukino is the perfect student. Kind, intelligent, pretty and modest, it's unbelievable that such a person could exist. Little did everyone know Yukino's perfection was just a facade. An act to fulfill her desire for praise and admiration. Her life took a turn however, as a newcomer to their school Arima Soichiro topped the exam rankings. Arima is more than just intelligent, he's also kind, handsome and modest, an unbelievable person who can actually exist. Even worse luck, Arima found out Yukino's secret, blackmailing her to help him out. Their odd relationship soon develops into friendship and eventually into love. But can their love prevail through the many problems that come their way? Onizuka is a reformed biker gang leader who has his sights set on an honorable new ambition: to become the world's greatest teacher... for the purpose of meeting sexy high school girls. Okay, so he's mostly reformed. However, strict administrators and a class of ruthless delinquents stand between Onizuka and his goal and they will use any means, however illegal or low, to drive the new teacher away. Perfect, because Onizuka's methods won't be found in any teaching manual; he cares about the difference between legal and illegal activities about as much as he cares for the age difference between himself and a high school girl. So get ready for math that doesn't add up, language you'd be slapped for using, and biology that would make a grown man blush... unless of course, you're the Great Teacher Onizuka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ryoutsu, being an underpayed policeman, is always coming up with ways to make some quick money. But in the end, his plans which are ridiculous from the beginning always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the Buchou. Six short "Special Broadcasts" (omake) were produced and aired after selected episodes. They lasted around five minutes and followed the general style of the main anime, although the characters are drawn as chibis. (Source: Wikipedia) Bubu Chacha is about a dog who died due to a fateful accident and was resurrected as a toy car. Together, he and Randy learn many new things about the world and about friendship that never dies. Join in the adventures of the quirky Yamada family—from the hilarious to the touching±brilliantly presented in a unique, visually striking comic strip style. Takashi Yamada and his wacky wife Matsuko, who has no talent for housework, navigate their way through the ups and downs of work, marriage and family life with a sharp-tongued grandmother who lives with them, a teenage son who wishes he had cooler parents, and a pesky daughter whose loud voice is unusual for someone so small. Even the family dog has issues! (Source: Disney) For as long as Akari can remember, she and Hiroyuki have always been friends. But with time, everything changes, and her feelings have turned into something more. As a new semester of high school begins, will the two childhood friends come closer together or drift further apart? Join Hiroyuki, Akari and all their friends—the bubbly Shiho, the quiet Serika, the lovely Kotone, and more—in this heartwarming tale of love, relationships and friendship! (Source: RightStuf) Koume is a new Office Lady (OL), an employee of Caramel Ribbon, Inc., a firm of designers. This is the story of her days and nights, complete with humor unique to Osaka. Seen from outside, Kansai doesn't seem like the rest of Japan. Watching this show will make you an expert, even if you know nothing about the area right now. It's a humorous tale of life in a Japanese company, with Koume, her effeminate boss, and Kimi, a one-time girl gang member, as they try to sell (supposedly) new and fresh designs. The voice actors also come from Kansai, ensuring authenticity. (Source: AniDB) A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. The seventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The adventures (and misadventures) of men staring, peeking, glancing, looking, and glaring at women and their efforts to get that extra eyeful of harmlessly exposed panties, bras, and occasional cleavage. Following at most, a few regular males and the outrageous consequences of their actions. (Source: ANN) A special that appeared with the Queen Emeraldas OVA, a short story dedicated to Leiji Matsumoto's beloved cat "Mii-kun." After being abused by her mother physically and mentally Asuka gets taken in by her grandparents. Slowly she learns her own worth as a human being and overcomes many obstacles. There are two sides to every love story, and Boys Be... reveals what's really going on—from the guy's point of view! Meet three normal high school guys with just one thing on their minds: girls. Quiet Kyoichi has been friends with Chiharu ever since they were young, but lately, his feelings have begun to change. Lecherous Makoto, a self-proclaimed master of the rules of romance, is ready to sweep the ladies off their feet. And Yoshihiko, a handsome sports nut, is unfortunately a bit clueless in matters of the heart. Join this hapless trio for a year of romantic misadventures that will change their lives forever! (Source: RightStuf) Chiyo brings a video camera to school for a class project. But when Tomo gets a hold of it, heaps of trouble happen all over campus. (Source: ANN) Keitaro Urashima promised a girl when he was young that they would meet up again at Tokyo University in the future. Sadly, in the National Practice Exam, Keitaro ranked 27th from the bottom. Knowing his grandmother owned a hotel, Keitaro intended to stay there while continuing his studies for Tokyo U, only to find out the hotel had long been transformed into an all-girls dormitory. Through an odd twist of fate, Keitaro eventually became the manager of the dorm, beginning his life of living with 5 other girls. As another round of preliminary tests approach for Keitaro, so does Christmas. And as the first Christmas of the millenium, there is a rumor that if one confesses his love on this special eve it will come true. Keitaro has decided what he needs to do on this Christmas eve, but being a retaker can he afford taking attention away from the tests on the same day... The Winter has begun in Hinata. X-mas is coming up. There are rumors about this special christmas eve: If someone is going to confess his love on this christmas eve, any wish will come true. Keitaro decides to confess his love to Naru. But he isn't the only one confessing on this christmas eve... (Source: ANN) The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) Onizuka is a reformed biker gang leader who has his sights set on an honorable new ambition: to become the world's greatest teacher... for the purpose of meeting sexy high school girls. Okay, so he's mostly reformed. However, strict administrators and a class of ruthless delinquents stand between Onizuka and his goal and they will use any means, however illegal or low, to drive the new teacher away. Perfect, because Onizuka's methods won't be found in any teaching manual; he cares about the difference between legal and illegal activities about as much as he cares for the age difference between himself and a high school girl. So get ready for math that doesn't add up, language you'd be slapped for using, and biology that would make a grown man blush... unless of course, you're the Great Teacher Onizuka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A summary of the Flanders no Inu full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Araiguma Rascal full series aired as a TV specials. Twenty-four-year-old Kirara is on her way to her wedding when she is killed in a car accident. However her love for her fiance is so strong that she is permitted to return to earth as a ghost to see him. But she is sent back 8 years in time, to when she and her fiancé first met. However her own meddling in the past may make her 16 year-old-self turn away from her would-be fiance. A promotional anime for Frente International's Pinky candy featuring their [pink] monkey mascot bring happiness through the power of Pinky candy in honor of the Pinky Citron Mint flavour release. In the 21st century, aliens have arrived on Earth and live among humans. In sleepy Enohana, the dirt-poor student Chigasaki Mayuko finds herself living together with NieA, a low-caste ("Under Seven") alien. While Mayuko struggles diligently to make ends meet, NieA seems to be totally unconcerned with the consequences of her actions. As the odd couple throws off the expected sparks, the wrecked alien mothership looms in the background... (Source: ANN) The Nohara family is on a cruise heading towards a tropical island when suddenly the ship is invaded by a large group of monkeys. The simians capture all adults and take them to a nearby isle while leaving all children behind. It is up to Shin-chan and his friends to find and save the grown-ups. (Source: ANN) Out of nowhere, Motokos' sister (Tsuroko) appears and is ready to pass on the dojo. However, Motoko is still not quite as strong as her sister and when her big sister finds out about this, she gives Motoko an ultimatum- Motoko must beat her sister or marry Keitaro! (Source: Animelover27) Tsubasa Shiina is a 10-year-old girl who recently moved to Hokkaido to live with her father. In school, she is very quiet and unsociable with her classmates. Then one night, she witnesses a UFO crash in the forest near her home. She rushes to the scene and finds the pilot, codenamed "D.D.", in a barely stable condition. Also in the scene is a Maguar, a hideous alien that hatched aboard D.D.'s ship. As the Maguar is close to taking Tsubasa's life, an alien lifeform fuses with her body to form the Riberus battle armor Figure 17, which shortly destroys the alien threat. The life form takes the name Hikaru and turns into an identical twin of Tsubasa. As time passes, Tsubasa becomes more open to everyone around her, thanks to her new twin sister Hikaru. However, with Maguar eggs scattered all over Hokkaido, their ability to form Figure 17 is needed to eliminate all hatched Maguars until backup from D.D.'s home planet arrives on Earth. (Source: ANN) After the accident in which she lost her mother, 16-year-old Tooru moves in with her grandfather, but due to his home being renovated, is unable to continue living with him. Claiming she will find someone to stay with but also fearing the criticism of her family and not wanting to burden any of her friends, Tooru resorts to secretly living on her own in a tent in the woods. One night on her way back from work, she finds her tent buried underneath a landslide. Yuki Souma, the "prince" of her school, and his cousin Shigure Souma, a famous author, stumble across Tooru's situation and invite her to stay with them until her grandfather’s home renovations are complete. Upon arriving at the Souma house, Tooru discovers their secret: if a Souma is hugged by someone of the opposite gender, they temporarily transform into one of the animals of the zodiac! However, this strange phenomenon is no laughing matter; rather, it is a terrible curse that holds a dark history. As she continues her journey, meeting more members of the zodiac family, will Tooru's kindhearted yet resilient nature be enough to prepare her for what lies behind the Souma household's doors? [Written by MAL Rewrite] A summary of the full series aired as a TV specials. Sporting designer clothes, make-up, and nails, Ran Kotobuki is the very picture of a trendy, young Shibuya girl, but don't let that fool you. This girl comes from a family of cops, and she’s ready to lay you out flat if you even think about causing trouble in her town! At least, she will... when she’s not distracted with karaoke, shopping, and dodging her homework. Join Ran and her friends as they defend the streets of Shibuya and attempt to shop their way into the history books as the most famous Gals ever! (Source: RightStuf) Kimi to Boku (You and I) is the story of an aspiring mangaka and his cat, told from the cat's perspective. It follows the friendship between the cat and the young man from when they first meet up to when they must part. A summary of the Akage no Anne full series aired as a TV specials. Anne is an orphan full of imagination. When she arrives at her new home she learns that sometimes you have to be a sensible person too; at the same time her unique character changes, or at least attracts, the people around her. The story covers Anne's growth from about eleven to seventeen years old as she makes friends, goes to school and studies. At a difficult point in her life, Anne will have to make a hard choice and perhaps find a new dream. (Source: AniDB) A summary of the Wakakusa Monogatari: Nan to Jo-sensei full series aired as a TV specials. Nan Harding is the new student at Mr. and Mrs. Bhaer's school. Everyone thinks that she is a pain in the head, but not Mrs. Jo. Together with the other kids, they all embark on their personal adventures and misfortunes while learning in school. (Source: ANN) As the 21st century approaches, a new 20th-century museum has opened in town, for the adults to relive their childhood. However, the owners of the museum seem to have other plans for it. The adults start to behave strangely, and one morning, they abandon their children for the 20th-century museum. Shinnosuke, along with his friends, must now rescue his parents and stop the world from returning to the 20th century before they get captured. (Source:  ANN) A summary of Ai Shoujo Pollyanna Monogatari full series aired as TV Specials in 2001. A summary of the Alps Monogatari: Watashi no Annette full series aired as a TV specials. This anime is based on a 1999 radio drama about three very different girls: Akari, Yuki and Nozomi; going to see the concert of top pop idol Reika and by going to see this concert their lives are greatly influenced by it. Akari was raised in a very religious background, she is bright and cheerful and a big Reika fan. Yuki is an independent girl who ran away from her home in Hakodate. She is working in the concert hall of Reika's performance. Nozomi is the daughter from a wealthy family in Kobe. She's got one of the VIP seats at the concert. The three girls are so inspired by Reika's performance, that they all enroll in the Akiba music school and endeavor to become pop idols themselves. (Source: AnimeNfo) A summary of the Tom Sawyer no Bouken full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Minami no Niji no Lucy full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Makiba no Shoujo Katori full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Shoukoushi Cedie full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Nanatsu no Umi no Tico full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Meiken Lassie full series aired as a TV specials. A summary of the Ie Naki Ko Remi full series aired as a TV specials. Haré was a happy boy living out his days in the jungle with his mother, but then one day Guu showed up and became a member of their household. Throughout the series he faces many hardships as he tries to keep Guu out of trouble in the jungle. (Source: ANN) A summary of the Watashi no Ashinaga Oji-san full series aired as a TV specials. Amawa Hibiki is a young man just out of college, with an education to be an athletics teacher. He's been having a hard time finding a job since he graduated, so all his money has gone towards living expenses. When his landlady demands his first payment to live in her living establishment upfront, he heads to the local middle school to get hired as a teacher. However, the principal refuses to hire him without hesitation. She will not hire men as teachers and makes it clear that she hates all men, saying they put no love into their passions and work. Amawa does not give up and with the help of his landlady, he crossdresses as a woman without a second thought, and gets hired, so he can earn money and also prove the principal wrong. Now, he has to keep his real gender a secret, and avoid strange situations, including the affections of his students (from both genders). (Source: ANN) In this short movie featuring familiar characters from Azumanga Daioh, Osaka is yet again having a strange dream of Chiyo-Chan's pigtails being posessed. As Chiyo-Chan's pigtails bounce out of the window, who knows if young Chiyo will ever be happy again. (Source: ANN) Nono-chan is the eldest daughter in the Yamada family and a third-grade elementary school student. Her family consists of her father, Mr Yamada Takashi, her mother, Mrs Yamada Matsuko and her brother, Noboru, a junior high student. Together with her grandmother, the family of five makes up a pleasant Japanese family. Everyone is special and everyday is always filled with joy and surprise. (Source: ANN) Asou Daisuke is a high school student and a gifted artist - but he is currently suffering from a block, which keeps him from painting. His childhood friend, Tachibana Amane, who loves him deeply, persuades him to do a portrait of Kimikage Yurina, a girl with a heart condition, before Yurina undergoes surgery. In the process of rediscovering his art, Daisuke also realises the love that he and Amane feel for each other. (Source: ANN) Kokoro Toshokan, a small library, lies nestled in an unpopulated mountain far away from town. Three sisters, Iina, Aruto and Kokoro, call the library home and run it from day-to-day. Kokoro is just beginning her adventures at the library. Will she become a full-fledged librarian? Will the remote library ever attract readers? Kokoro tries her best to make her dreams come true at Kokoro Library, a place where miracles can happen. (Source: ANN) Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic. (Source: ANN) Wataru Minakami is a top student who failed his high school entrance exam because of a computer glitch. He later discovered that he was accepted to Stargazer Hill Academy, which is located at a mysterious place called Promised Island. At the request of his father, Wataru is whisked away to the island, and before he can settle in, a dozen of cute and charming girls start to flock him and claim to be his younger sisters. As Wataru gets closer to his newfound siblings, a deeper mystery as to why they were sent to the island comes to play. (Source: ANN) Animated videos, advertising ice tea manufactured by the Asahi Beverage Company. Do you believe in love at first sight? This short but sweet film revolves around She, a woman whose name is never uttered, and her pet cat, Chobi. Their first meeting was beautiful. One rainy day, She found Chobi abandoned outside and decided to bring him home with her. Chobi instantaneously fell for his kind and gentle owner. He had not only found a home, but also the love of his life. But can their relationship ever become anything more than just pet and owner? Kanojo to Kanojo no Neko is a short animated film that explores love in an extremely innovative way. The subtle romance is both heartwarming and thought-provoking and is sure to bring a gentle smile to your face. It’s been 7 years since Yuuichi Aizawa visited his aunt Akiko, but now that his parents have gone to Africa to pursue their careers, he is finally back in the little northern town. Yuuichi is not really overjoyed with the prospect of living here though, because all of his memories of this place and the people living in it have mysteriously vanished. His cute cousin Nayuki seems like a stranger as well, even though he used to play with her all the time when they were younger. On the day of moving into his new home, Yuuichi starts unpacking the boxes and stumbles upon a red headband that no one seems to recognize. This is one of the first clues that will make Yuuichi take a stroll through the snow-covered town and make him start recalling fragments of his past, broken promises and buried secrets. Yuuichi soon realizes that there is something supernatural going on, and all of his new female acquaintances seem to have links to his forgotten past. Kyosuke Kano has lived under the shadow of his successful brother Seisuke all his life who is a professional soccer player. Tired of being compared and downgraded at, he abandoned playing soccer until a boy from his new highschool discovered him and asked him to join their team. Kyosuke joins it and befriends two other first year players named Rodrigo and Sakai with the dream of becomming professional soccer players themselves. (Source: ANN) Young Ichiro Hanada lives with his parents and grandfather in a quiet rural town. He is a little brat who constantly teases his sister, insults his mother, fights with everybody, and eats a lot. Ichiro has a near-death experience when he is hit by a truck, and when he wakes up he can see and talk to spirits. The spirits of people who have just died but who cannot pass on yet seek him out. They have some unresolved issue in their lives that is holding them back, and Ichiro must help them out. When office worker Nam-woo receives a package from childhood friend Jun-ho it transports him back to their last summer together. Back to their hometown in a small fishing village it the last few days before Jun-ho left for boarding school in Seoul. When a marble and an abandoned lighthouse had the power to transport him to a fantastic world where a mysterious flying girl named Mari lived. (Source: ANN) Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities. (Source: ANN) After the events in the city, Haré and family come back to the Jungle. But it is never calm for Haré as he first must deal with an unstable substitute teacher, then with some big news: Weda is pregnant. The answer to how and who will change his family forever. Poor Haré, now has to deal with a father in addition to his drunk mother and Guu, and soon a sibling too. (Source: ANN) Hitotose Chitose was always alone and untrusting of people but when 5 female teachers appear and started living together with him in his family's house as his mothers, things started to change and pick up, together with Hazuki-nee and Minazuki (his 2 sisters) everyday is a lesson. (Source: ANN) Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB) When Miu was young, she was fascinated by the piano and took up lessons. When the show opens, Miu is in middle school. She is shy, a soft-spoken girl who doesn't have a lot of confidence in herself. Her friends would describe her as "sweet" and "quiet." At this point, Miu has been taking piano lessons for some time and while people have told her that she's gotten very good over the years, Miu herself feels she's not really good at anything—including the piano. Her teacher, Mr. Shirakawa, is often frustrated with her playing. Although she plays every note exactly correct, her heart just isn't in it... Meanwhile, Miu's come of the age when she's noticing boys and this shy young lady has noticed the handsome Kazuya Takahashi—even if he hasn't noticed her. This is Miu's story. The story of a young girl who is on a journey to discover the melody within her own heart and the courage to express it. (Source: RightStuf) Hal and Bons are a pair of beer drinking slacker dogs. They are joined on their sofa by an anthropomorphic rice cake by the name of Mochi who first interviews them and then decides to give up being an interviewer and move in with them instead. Hal and Bons have mixed feelings about this turn of events - Mochi tastes great but he's rather lacking in social skills and he's starting to smell... (Source: ANN) Makoto and Yura Onoda are a newly-wed couple with zero sexual experience. Yura is a shy and naive 25-year-old woman whose good looks grab men's attention, something that she dislikes because she gets embarrassed very easily. Her husband Makoto is of the same age, but as opposed to his wife, he loves having dirty thoughts about other women. Physically though, Makoto is truly faithful to Yura. Both of them may be virgins, but now that they are married, they are ready to dive into the world of sex, "practicing" as often as possible. However, the world of sex is complex, so they need all the help they can get to find their way through it. Thankfully, their friends, acquaintances, and porn media lend them a helping hand. All Rakka remembers before emerging from her cocoon is the sensation of falling. Confused, she is welcomed into this new world as one of the Haibane, a group of youth with small gray wings and bright halos. Together, they live in the Old Home on the outskirts of Grie, a quiet town where wingless, halo-less people live. There are many rules governing the world of Haibane Renmei : the most important one being that Haibane cannot go near or touch the massive walls that surround the town. Only beings known as Toga may come and go as they please. Although her daily life is quiet, there is much Rakka and the other Haibane do not know, or are not allowed to know. Rakka will work through her own doubts and questions as she figures out what she is doing in this world, while working towards the goal of each Haibane: to get beyond the walls on their Day of Flight. But this is not a light task: failure means being branded as one who is Sin-bound. Kaoru Hanabishi, a college student who lives alone, met a beautiful but bewildered girl dressed in a kimono at a train station. He volunteered to guide her way to the address she was looking for, which happened to be in his neighborhood, but turned out to be an empty lot. Not knowing what to do next, Kaoru invited the devastated girl to his apartment and asked for any additional clues to her destination. She supplied him with a photo of two children whom Kauru immediately identified as himself and Aoi Sakuraba, his childhood friend. It turned out that the girl in front of him is Aoi Sakuraba herself, his betrothed fiancee who came all the way to Tokyo to marry him. Her revelation was not only surprising but also reminded the deepest part of Kaoru's memory for why he left the Hanabishi family in the first place. Hamazaki Densuke (Hama-chan) is an unavaricious white-collar worker who does not have any interest in success and self-protection. Even though he incurs the wrath of his superior and stir ill feelings from his wife, Hama-chan prefers to take things at his own stride and goes fishing. He feels that there are more important things in life than work and enjoys the simple things in life such as fishing. (Source: ANN) Chiyo Mihama begins her high school career as one of the strangest students in her freshman class—a tiny, 10-year-old academic prodigy with a fondness for plush dolls and homemade cooking. But her homeroom teacher, Yukari Tanizaki, is the kind of person who would hijack a student's bike to avoid being late, so "strange" is a relative word. There certainly isn't a shortage of peculiar girls in Yukari-sensei's homeroom class. Accompanying Chiyo are students like Tomo Takino, an energetic tomboy with more enthusiasm than brains; Koyomi Mizuhara, Tomo's best friend whose temper has a fuse shorter than Chiyo; and Sakaki, a tall, athletic beauty whose intimidating looks hide a gentle personality and a painful obsession with cats. In addition, transfer student Ayumu Kasuga, a girl with her head stuck in the clouds, fits right in with the rest of the girls—and she has a few interesting theories about Chiyo's pigtails! Together, this lovable group of girls experience the ups and downs of school life, their many adventures filled with constant laughter, surreal absurdity, and occasionally even touching commentary on the bittersweet, temporal nature of high school. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kaoru and the girls have a picnic in Spring and talk about their dreams for the future. A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic. (Source: ANN) Kazuki Mai, an elementary schoolgirl, wanted to be a magician but her skills weren't good enough for here to join her grandparents' Magiccarat troupe. One day she sees a light enter a strange heart-shaped mirror. The light is actually a mirror fairy named Topo, who takes over her favourite stuffed toy, a flying squirrel and gives her a bracelet with the 4 card suits. The bracelet can turn into a bubble wand which transforms Mai into the 18 year old magician Magical Emi, who uses her magic to help people and participate in her grandparents' shows. In the near-future Japan, global warming has brought the large city Yokohama underwater, and only the hills remain above the ocean surface. What used to be one of the largest cities in Japan now feels like a small town. Basically, the existence of the island country itself has been threatened. However, there is no feeling of desperation, devastation, nor hopelessness. People are enjoying laid-back lives, and they seem to appreciate each other's company, enjoying the quiet and peaceful time together. This is especially so with Alpha, a carefree young woman who runs a cafe, named Cafe Alpha. She enjoys her life immersing herself in the beautiful nature all around her. There is nothing more precious to her than spending quality time with her kind friends. Oh, the fulfillment and the joy she finds in life... it all indicates her to be a compassionate human being, but she is not quite a human. She is actually a type A7M2 robot. One day, upon hearing a radio forecast warning an approaching typhoon, her old friend who lives close by invites her to the gas station he runs, worried that her old cafe may not withstand the typhoon. Indeed, the passing of typhoon leaves Alpha with her cafe severely damaged. That's when she decides to go on a journey to raise money to rebuild her cafe, and also to see the outside world away from her friends and the comfort of a peaceful life. (Source: AniDB) When Saga—now 15 years old—arrives at her home after a day of errands, her grandmother Regina discovers an old dress in the attic. At this point, Saga recalls the time her elementary class participated in a play titled "Princess and Fairy." She volunteered to play the role of the Princess while her rival Greta played the evil witch. The production of the school play reminded Sugar and the other fairies of the time "The Bear Pianist" played in the town not too long ago. Though seemingly unconnected, the characters in HUMAN CROSSING all have something in common. They are dealing with the sometimes joyous, but often horrific realities of everyday life. Set in modern day Japan, this compilation of short stories explores the lives of people from all walks of life. The animation used here is subtle, with realistic renderings that fully express the range of emotions experienced by the film`s characters. HUMAN CROSSING taps into the dramatic potential of reality, focusing on the isolated, sometimes lonely nature of urban life. Ultimately, however, the film suggests that perhaps there is an inter-connectedness between people that binds even the most disparate strangers together. (Source: AniDB) Kanenone Gakuen is an all-male boarding school located in the countryside of Japan. Although an all-male school is nothing new, life can become quite difficult when there are no female students for miles around. In order to help the psychological health of everyone involved, the school board has decided to try and merge with the nearest all-girl boarding school in order to become co-ed. The boys of Kanenone are more than thrilled at the prospect, and the girls are curious as to how interesting school life might become if there were more boys around. Before any serious decisions are made, the girls have been invited to stay at Kanenone for one month as a test. Green Green follows Yuusuke Takazaki and his naughty room mates called the Baka (Idiot) Trio, and their ability to talk to the girls without making complete fools of themselves. But as soon as the school bus with the girls arrives, things become weird, hormonal, and hysterical. In particular, a girl named Midori Chitose leaps off the bus and immediately embraces a very confused Yuusuke. Is he a natural ladies' man, or do the two of them have a shared history that he is not aware of? At first, Takayuki Narumi is befriended by Mitsuki Hayase only because Mitsuki's best friend, Haruka Suzumiya has a crush on him; however since then, Takayuki, his pal Shinji Taira, and Mitsuki have grown to be the best of friends. Then one day, Haruka confesses to Takayuki her love for him. Not wanting to hurt her feelings, Takayuki agrees to go out with her. After a few incidents, their relationship gets intimate, even while Takayuki and Mitsuki begin to realize their feelings for each other. But when tragedy strikes, things are never the same for these four friends again. A talking dog is a beautiful story that you should have dreamt of as a child. But if you have forgotten about it, this is a reminder of that fable story. This is the story of a dog that talks, but ordinary people cannot hear his voice. The main character, Mametaro, is an adventurous crossbreed dog. He loves his owner, Iku-chan and his girlfriend Hanako-chan very much. However, he just cannot stand Iku-chan's friend, Akiyoshi. During this story, which will be told from Mametaro's point of view, the warm days of spring are finally here. The school and the riverbank, which is actually just an ordinary neighborhood for people, seems like a mysterious world that extends infinitely to little Mametaro and his friends. (Source: AniDB) These are DVD specials, which include some extra footage and music videos; Character DVD #1 - Midori & Reika Character DVD #1 - Midori Music Video Character DVD #1 - Reika Music Video Character DVD #2 - Futaba & Chigusa Character DVD #2 - Futaba Music Video Character DVD #2 - Chigusa Music Video Character DVD #3 - Sanae & Wakaba Character DVD #3 - Sanae Music Video Character DVD #3 - Wakaba Music Video Kappamaki and his sushi friends are cute-cool-charming characters who soothe your grating feelings and heal your weary heart. They are all adorable characters originally made with clay by Miss Eri Okamoto. Kappamaki and the Sushi Kids are living in a small and peaceful village surrounded by unspoiled nature - flowers, fields, green forest with a crystal-clear river flowing through it. All the inhabitants including Kappamaki and his friends are naïve, honest and tenderhearted. There is a school, a park, houses, business offices and shops just like an ordinary small village anywhere. A friendly guy says that it is a typical Alpine village with the glamour of Paris and the atmosphere of Venice... Is it, really?! OK. Let's take a closer look... Oh, my goodness! The village looks as if it is made of sushi tools - The banks of the canals are sushi pails. The buildings are piled-up sushi baskets etc... This series of animated shorts is full of humorous mishaps and heart-warming tales giving smiles and chuckles to everybody. They are also educational and entertaining describing friendship and kindness. So, please enjoy the mind-healing tales in this fantasy land. (Source: AniDB) Episodes 4.5, 6.5, 8.5 and 10.5 from the DVD release, in which Miu thinks about the events from the previous episode. Rumic World TV (2003) consists of thirteen independent series based on short stories from 1987-2000 by Takahashi Rumiko. The episode order is not sorted based on the year the story was written. For example, the first episode "Tragedy of P"'s story was written in 1991 while the last episode "Senmuno inu"'s story was written in 1994. (Source: AnimeNfo) Haré's family receives a video letter from Weda's home in the city. Witnessing how sad and lonely Weda's mother and Bel are without her, Weda decides to take Haré and Guu back to the city for a while. After Haré complains about being bored and lonely without his friends in the jungle (as part of his plot to persuade his mother to take him back), Weda decides to send him to a private school in the city, where he instanly falls in love with a pretty girl named Rita. But, of course, Guu wants part of the action too. (Source: ANN) Hitotose Chitose is now living together with his 5 teachers as his mothers when a mysterious girl appears and becomes their neighbor which turns out that that person is Nagatsuki Kuron who wants Mu-chan to be her mother so another sibling rivalry ensues as to who would end up as Mu-chan's child. (Source: ANN) It began in 1945, at the end of the Pacific War. Alien invaders filled the earth's Skies, and mankind was forced to confront an unprecedented threat. For the first time in human history, people of all cultures came together under one banner. This war has now been raging for over fifty years. Countless lives have been lost, and the Japanese military is now forced to rely on young people such as Atsushi Hayami and his high school class, also known as Unit 5121. This new generation fearlessly struggles on with the aid of the HWT humanoid combat machines and the devastating PBE bomb. (Source: Media Blasters) Yume Kikuchi, a girl who can use magic, goes to Tokyo to be an apprentice mage to the handsome Masami Oyamada (a professional mage). In Tokyo, Yume learns about magic, helping people, and various other things on her way to being a mage. But she soon also finds out that even just magic alone isn't enough to make someone truly happy... (Source: ANN) Kururu, Chiriri, Sarara, and Hororo are four little fairies that live inside bottles on their “Sensei”’s desk. Together, they have misadventures trying to understand the human world, seeking advice from the totally misinformed grade schooler next door. (Source: ANN) Two years after meeting Aoi, Kaoru and gang are still up to their normal habits. Kaoru now in grad school and the tenants being as rowdy as ever what will become of Aoi and Kaoru's love. Two years has passed since Aoi and Kaoru were freed from the bonds of their families. They continue to live their normal lives with their usual friends in their house. Based on a hit light novel series by Keiichi Sigsawa, the philosophical Kino's Journey employs the time-honored motif of the road trip as a vehicle for self-discovery and universal truth. Deeply meditative and cooler than zero, the series follows the existential adventures of the apt marksman Kino along with talking motorcycle Hermes as they travel the world and learn much about themselves in the process. Imaginative, thought-provoking, and sometimes disturbing, Kino's journey is documented in an episodic style with an emphasis on atmosphere rather than action or plot, though still prevalent. In the near future, technology has made a few leaps and bounds, and videophones and constant wireless internet access are available to everyone. However, it would seen that the government has been careless and a skilled hacker was able to break into the national information archive. Using the data held there he creates the Platonic Chain website for people to discover information about themselves and their friends. Words start to spread quickly that there is a site that enables you to look up anything. Coincidentally, three young girls, Hitomi, Rika, and Kanae, are able to access the site. (Source: AniDB) This is a 15 minutes special to the TV series, Platonic Chain. Unaired series episode included in the DVD release. The spring has come since Yuuichi reunited with Ayu, and lives of all major characters are back on track. When Mishio visits Makoto's birthplace, however, a miracle happens before her eyes. (Source: ANN) The story is set in the 22nd century where space travel, planet colonization and anti-gravity basketball are practically everyday things. Planet Earth has become uninhabitable, and therefore people live in colonies on the surrounding planets. On a school field trip, a mistake causes the protagonist, a young transfer student named Luna, her pet robot, and six of her classmates to be thrown through a gravity storm and crash land on a seemingly uninhabited planet. There, with Luna as their leader, the robot cat Chako, the lone wolf Kaoru, the spoiled rich boy Howard, the shy Sharla, the obedient Bell, the prideful musician Menori and the young genius Shingo must fight for their survival. But is the planet really uninhabited, or is there someone or something out there, waiting in the shadows? (Source: Wikipedia) Seventeen-year-old Nanaka Kirisato is a high school student serious about her studies and goals in life. She frequently criticizes her best friend, Nenji Nagihara, for being a childish delinquent who spends his time fighting other boys. Then one day, after a heated argument with Nenji, she falls off a flight of stairs and suffers a brain injury, resulting in her mind reverting to that of a six-year-old. With this in mind, Nanaka's father and Nenji must keep her injury a secret as she struggles to live a normal life and grow up all over again. (Source: ANN) Momoko, who attends a special school, is both mentally and physically disabled. Every morning she becomes peevish because she can't go to the ordinary school with her twin brother Riki. Her family soothes Momoko by singing her favorite song "The Song of Frogs." One day, Momoko shouts encouragement to Riki who's playing dodgeball at an open classroom day and Riki's team wins the game. Ryuji, whose team lost the game, is not impressed and demands that Riki stop bringing his 'idiot sister' to school. Riki totally loses control and hits Ryuji with all his might. The following year, an experiment in integrated education is implemented and Momoko begins to attend Riki's school. Unfortunately, her physical condition takes a turn for the worse and she's sent to a hospital. Riki and all her classmates want to cheer her up and they set a goal of winning a relay race so that they would be able to tell Momoko the good news. Meanwhile, the fastest sprinter, Ryuichi, insists that he won't be taking part in the race. (Source: Eleven Arts) The eleventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The Nohara family is preparing for a yakiniku feast for the ages when a mysterious man bursts in and gets them tangled up in a gigantic mess. Framed for various crimes down to baby Himawari and the dog, they must now escape the droves of police and yakuza after them and make their way to Atami to solve the case. A series of minute-long animated shorts that aired on Japanese public television. Aimed at toddlers and young children, the comedic series is mostly about toilet training. Ever since their parents died a few years ago, Ryo and his sister Akane have been living alone together. Despite their difficult situation, they are still living reasonably happy and normal lives. However, everything is about to be flipped upside-down due to a secret government project. Due to increasingly low birth rates in Japan, the Japanese government is testing a program in which two young people are forced to marry. Ryo wants no part of it, but he is given little choice in the matter; his new fiancée, Shizuka, comes to his home late one night with several dozen government issued bodyguards, who are there to ensure the success of the new couple. Unlike Ryo, Shizuka couldn’t be more willing to go along with this new program, and eagerly goes about her wifely duties, despite his objections. With meddling friends, pushy bodyguards, and an overenthusiastic new fiancée, Ryo’s life has taken a turn in a direction the young man certainly didn’t expect. (Source: ANN) A compilation OVA of 5 stories portraying the life of Ozaki Yutaka, a famous Japanese musician in the 80s and early 90s who died young. If a couple sees the diamond dust together, then they will certainly find eternal happiness. Or so it is said. This is a drama about the romances, friendships and conflicts of six girls from Hokkaido and how the diamond dust affects them and eventually links them together in the search for happiness. (Source: ANN) Nao, an 8th grader, is one of the only two members of a Digital Camera Club, where she also serves as the manager. It's a mystery that she shoots nothing else but the skies and clouds. One day, she finds a cat on a rooftop where she usually shoots her camera. It's a cat that knows how to manipulate the flow of a wind. Shocked to find a strange animal, Nao loses her footing and falls off from the rooftop! Miki is the other member of the club, and also Nao's best friend. Mr. Taiki is the teacher who's taught the cat how to manipulate the flow of a wind. Ryoko is a girl who has a huge crush on Mr. Taiki. And there's Jun, who helps Nao and Miki look for a cat that can fly. Then, there's Yukio, who is the widow of Mr. Taiki's deceased brother. On the outskirts of this big city, a town off the "Wind Handlers," has been formed—and a mysterious Wind Festival is about to begin... (Source: Production I.G) When Yumi Fukuzawa entered the Lillian Girls' Academy, a prestigious all-girls Catholic school in Tokyo, she never imagined she would catch the eye of beautiful and demure Sachiko Ogasawara, one of the school's most popular students. Now Sachiko has offered to be Yumi's soeur, her "sister" and guide for all her years at the academy. The whole idea has Yumi completely flustered—after all, they hardly know each other! The entire campus is abuzz with rumors about the two of them, but Yumi is conflicted over accepting Sachiko's offer. While she admires Sachiko, being her soeur would also mean constantly being at the center of the entire school's attention! (Source: RightStuf) Known in Japan as Jagainu-kun, Dogtato is the heartwarming tale of a dog that`s really a potato...or a potato that`s really a dog. Or something. (Jagaimo = potato, inu = dog, thus the name Jagainu/Dogtato.) Dogtato`s world is full of his lovable half-veggie, half-animal friends who are always getting into wacky hijinks and misadventures. (Source: AniDB) The Karugamo High School Baseball Team has not been doing well. After losing badly to the Eagles, many of the players leave, and the team now has only eight players, one too few to play a game. Going against his principles, the main character Harumaki Shunpei decides to buy a baseball robot. However, since he does not have enough money, he ends up buying the maid robot named Azusa. Even though Azusa has a warm heart and strong determination, it doesn't appear that she stands a chance against her adversaries who were top-of-the-line baseball robots. The team's only hope seems to lie in a secret buried within Azusa's clouded past. Sasahara Kanji is a college freshman who decides to join a student society to share his hidden thoughts on manga, anime and gaming. When he first visited Genshiken, short for "Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyuu Kai" (Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture), his groundless pride was destroyed by the plotting of Madarame, a sophomore student in Genshiken, but he still couldn't admit that he is an otaku. However, as he participates in society activities such as visiting dojin (private publishing) shops and anime festivals, and hangs out with other society members Kosaka (a hardcore otaku despite his extreme eccentricities and good looks), Kosaka's girlfriend Kasukabe Saki (who isn't really an otaku), Ohno (a cosplayer) and the others, he opens his mind and resolves that he will make his way into the otaku world. With their help, Sasahara slowly adjusts to otaku life in Genshiken. (Source: AnimeNfo) Kumiko Yamaguchi is smart, enthusiastic, and ready to start her dream job as a math teacher at Shirokin Academy. But as her first day opens on atrocious students and cowering teachers, Kumiko realizes that the all-boys high school is a cesspool of delinquents with no intention of improving themselves. However, what her rowdy students don't know is that behind her dorky facade, Kumiko is the acting head of a powerful yakuza clan, and she has the skills to prove it! Capable of overpowering even the strongest of gangsters in seconds, Kumiko must keep her incredible strength and criminal influence a secret in order to keep her job. Unfortunately, with the vice principal constantly trying to get her fired and Shin Sawada, the leader of her class of delinquents, suspecting she's stronger than she lets on, Kumiko has a difficult teaching career ahead of her. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mametarou is a Crossbreed and this is about his daily activities and the friends he makes with his girlfriend, Hanako. Based on a game by Princess Soft The main character, Junna has a twin sister Senna. He is an ordinal student of an elite school. However, in the past, a traffic accident deprived him of his parents and his memory. Junna survived the accident, and he has lived only with his sister though he has been looked after by his relatives. And present... The life with Senna in the same high school is so pleasant that he can forget the severe past. Because he has been in the world where there is only Senna, his lives in this town, such as the beginning of a new life, new environments, and the meetings, are so refreshing. However, he begins to recall the memories he lost in the accident. Though he enjoys happy and pleasant days, he is tossed by the past, the present, and the future. What is the truth hidden in his memory? (Source: AniDB) A series of specials included on the Maria-sama ga Miteru DVD releases. Specials of Maria-sama ga Miteru: Haru released on the DVDs only. A short amateur movie by Kojiro Shishido. Winner at the 10th annual Student CG Contest held in 2005. It shows great sensitivity towards the delicate gradations of light and shadow in the natural world, with a matching delicate soundtrack by Shishido himself. (Source: AniDB) Meet Suzuki Mika, teacher at Okitsu High School. Mika-sensei is a good teacher, but she has a small problem... literally. Although she's 27, she is only 148 cm tall, and has the face of a child. As a result, it is often difficult for Mika-sensei to get anyone to take her seriously. (Source: ANN) Tanaka Yukio, better known by his nickname Koyuki, is a 14-year-old who feels disconnected from life in general. Through the act of saving a mismatched dog, he meets guitarist Minami Ryuusuke, and becomes involved in Ryuusuke's new band BECK. Koyuki's life starts to change as the band struggles toward fame. Time flies by; Hiroyuki and Akari are 12th-graders now. Both of them and their friends have grown up gradually in someway, physically or mentally, but one of their best friends is missing: the lifelike android Multi. To their surprise, Multi is brought to their campus again without notice, yet she is no longer the same Multi they have known. (Source: ANN) The story is set in the 22nd century where space travel, planet colonization and anti-gravity basketball are practically everyday things. Planet Earth has become uninhabitable, and therefore people live in colonies on the surrounding planets. On a school field trip, a mistake causes the protagonist, a young transfer student named Luna, her pet robot, and six of her classmates to be thrown through a gravity storm and crash land on a seemingly uninhabited planet. There, with Luna as their leader, the robot cat Chako, the lone wolf Kaoru, the spoiled rich boy Howard, the shy Sharla, the obedient Bell, the prideful musician Menori and the young genius Shingo must fight for their survival. But is the planet really uninhabited, or is there someone or something out there, waiting in the shadows? (Source: Wikipedia) An OVA released with the boxset of Diamond Daydreams. Continues Kitano Suomi's story from the 7th episode. It also contains bloopers of the previous episodes. The series focuses on 7 children and a sheep-like character. Together, they work together as a team and hang out together. They wear various fashion through the series. They also have different colored hair. Sandy, a girl who has a pet sheep-like character named Cloud and 6 other children, Jasmine, Lime, Basil, Clove, Nattsu, and Cinnamon, became friends, they become a news reporter team. Each episode has the children dressed in various clothes. (Source: ANN) Shin-chan and his friends discover an abandoned movie theater where some sort of western film is being displayed to an empty room. Shinnosuke's friends mysteriously disappear thus making the Nohara family start searching for them at the location they were last seen. While looking for the other kids, the Noharas inexplicably find themselves taken into the movie being exhibited. (Source: ANN) A young man moves to the new place. He gradually makes a good relationship with neighbors that live in the same apartment. (Source: aokijun.net) The time is the near future. Cockroaches and other household pests have become immune to all forms of insecticides. In response to this crisis, a Japanese company has created small, doll-like, insect exterminating robots called Hoi Hoi-san. A competing company has also released their own version, Combat-san. Because of their adorable appearance, these little robots have become somewhat of a phenomenon and have gained many fans. Late at night, in the home of one such fan, Hoi Hoi-san and Combat-san search for insects to exterminate... but Combat-san is not above trying to exterminate Hoi Hoi-san while she's at it. Yukito Kunisaki is on a journey in search of the Winged Maiden who was bound to the sky centuries ago, after hearing an old childhood tale from his mother. As Yukito shows his puppet show to people in an attempt to make some money, he finds himself in a small town in which he did not expect to stay very long. However, when he meets an unusual girl named Misuzu, things take a drastic turn as he is invited to stay with her. By staying in the quaint town, Yukito soon becomes friends with the locals. As he gets to know them better, he learns of their problems and decides to help, putting his search for the Winged Maiden on hold. With his search on hold, and his growing attachment to Misuzu and the small town, will Yukito ever find the Winged Maiden, or is she closer than he thought? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Extended ending showing what happened with Befort Children after the events from the last episode of the TV series. DVD release exclusive. Hashiba Sora has fallen from a 4th story window and has lost all of his memories. When Fujimori Sunao comes to his school as his new room mate, Fujimori tells Hashiba that he is called Ran. Fujimori and Hashiba both have a split personality which they developed in their youth. Their split personalities, Yoru and Ran, are deeply in love. Even though it creeps Fujimori and Hashiba out what their other selves do with each other at night, they also start to fall for each other. Because of their relationship, Hashiba Sora finds out a lot of shocking facts about their youth. A DVD release with a collection of commercials and TV spots produced by Studio Ghibli or its subsidiary Studio Kajino between the years 2000 and 2005. A 3D CG anime of Sylvanian Families. The OVA was sold bundled with toy merchandise of the franchise.  Third-year high school student Yukari Hayasaka has no time for frivolous things. She needs to study hard and attend cram school so she can do well on her university exams. She doesn't care which university she gets into; she just wants to leave the town she's grown bored of. Too bad her parents have other opinions on the subject. One day, while Yukari is walking down the street, a guy with multiple piercings and bleached hair flags her down. Suspicious of the stranger, she tries to get away from him but fails and ultimately ends up meeting his friends: a group of third-year fashion design students at a prestigious art school. They want her to be their model for their final project, but Yukari thinks it will only get in the way of her studies. But the more she gets to know them, the more she grows to admire the way they go after their dreams. Will modeling for this eccentric group of would-be fashion designers give Yukari a much-needed push to strive for her own goals? And what about her attraction to the group's leader, George Koizumi? Can a relationship between them work? Watch Paradise Kiss to find out! Peach Girl is about an average high school girl, Momo Adachi, who everyone thinks is a beach bunny/slut because of her tanned skin. The actual reason she is so tanned is because she was on the swim team and tans very easily. She likes a boy, Toji, who she heard only likes non-tanned girls. This causes her to question who she is and have low self esteem. She spends a lot of time trying to remake herself into the girl she believes he wants; however, she has a friend, Sae, who likes to go behind Momo's back and make her life terrible, mostly by trying to take Toji away from her. All the while there's another boy, Kairi, who is in love with Momo. (Source: ANN) A bonus DVD only episode where the boys go to a hot spring. Episodes that were only released on the DVD afterwards and didn't air on TV. Episode numbers: 7.5, 9.5, 10.5, 12.5. For a complete list of episodes and the order they're included in the Kamichu! DVD/BD box set, see the More Info tab. In 19th-century London, class lines are sharply drawn, and the social standing to which people are born dictates the path their lives will follow. Emma, an honest and hardworking young maid, never felt her place in life to be a burden. But then she met William, a member of the gentry and the eldest son of a wealthy family. His warm smile and earnest affection threaten to capture her heart... but can love truly conquer all? (Source: RightStuf) Izumi Sawatari and her younger sister, Mitsuki Sawatari, have run away from home and are in need of employment. The only jobs available are as maids in the mansion of 14-year-old millionaire, Yoshitaka Nakabayashi. What seems like simple work is soon revealed to be far more than the girls bargained for when they find Yoshitaka to be an authoritative employer who demands they call him "Master". (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Randou Rino is a young girl with a head full of air and a talking puppet on her hand. She is accepted into the illustrious Gokujou all-girl's school, and is summarily, almost curiously, accepted as part of the even more illustrious Gokujou Student Council, who has more power and business ventures than most large businesses. Now a part of the student council, she befriends the talented members of the Gokujou Student Council, leaving one to wonder how a girl with seemingly no talents or redeeming qualities would get chosen for such a group. (Source: ANN) "Mushi": the most basic forms of life in the world. They exist without any goals or purposes aside from simply "being." They are beyond the shackles of the words "good" and "evil." Mushi can exist in countless forms and are capable of mimicking things from the natural world such as plants, diseases, and even phenomena like rainbows. This is, however, just a vague definition of these entities that inhabit the vibrant world of Mushishi, as to even call them a form of life would be an oversimplification. Detailed information on Mushi is scarce because the majority of humans are unaware of their existence. So what are Mushi and why do they exist? This is the question that a "Mushi-shi," Ginko, ponders constantly. Mushi-shi are those who research Mushi in hopes of understanding their place in the world's hierarchy of life. Ginko chases rumors of occurrences that could be tied to Mushi, all for the sake of finding an answer. It could, after all, lead to the meaning of life itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Asami Onohara is a seventeen-year old high-school student with a secret which has not been revealed to anyone: She is already married. Her husband, Kyosuke Ichimaru, is a Physics teacher in the same high school as her. However, even though they are officially a married couple, Asami's father forbids them to have any sexual contact until after Asami has graduated. Asami has to hide the fact that she is married to Kyosuke while trying desperately to further their relationship, and it does not help when there are so many interferences and obstacles from her father and other third parties. (Source: ANN) Following her graduation from middle school, Konomi Yuzuhara enters the same high school as Takaaki Kono, her childhood friend. As the new school year begins, they meet their childhood friend Tamaki Kosaka, as well as many new accquaintances. Unbeknownst to the group, their encounters with each other will soon lead to many memorable adventures. (Source: ANN) Drift peacefully into Neo Venezia, a city on the planet Aqua (formerly known as Mars). By the 24th century, humans have found a way to colonize the previously uninhabitable planet. As futuristic as that sounds, Neo Venezia is still teeming with rustic beauty; gondolas on wide canals and waterways are the main mode of transportation. The city itself is a faithful replication of Manhome's (the planet formerly known as Earth) Venice. To make sure that residents and tourists alike get the most from Neo Venezia's many wonders, companies offering guided tours via gondola were formed, one of which is named Aria Company. This is the workplace of Akari Mizunashi, a free spirited teenager from Manhome who is now a novice Undine (the title given to tour guides). Join Akari as she becomes intimately acquainted with other Undine, tourists, Neo Venezia's residents, and even the city itself, learning many valuable life lessons along the way, such as the wonderful truth that there are such things as manmade miracles. [Written by MAL Rewrite] "Cute girls doing cute things in cute ways." Everyday things make up the fabric of life—whether it's making friends, going to school, trying to make money, or celebrating a holiday. Ichigo Mashimaro is a heartwarming series that follows the daily lives of Itou Chika, her sister Nobue, and her friends Miu, Matsuri, and Ana. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yurie Hitotsubashi was just an average middle school student living in the city of Onomichi on Japan's inland sea in the easygoing times of the 1980s. She spent her days worrying about exams and trying to get Kenji, the clueless boy she likes, to notice her. Then during lunch one day she suddenly announces to her friend Mitsue that the night before she had become a goddess. Their classmate Matsuri quickly latches on to Yurie's newfound divinity as a way to promote her family's bankrupt Shinto shrine. She hopes that replacing their hapless local god, Yashima-sama, with Yurie will make the shrine more popular (and profitable). Now, with Matsuri as her manager, Yurie has to grant wishes, cure curses, meet aliens, and attend god conventions. All the while attending school and working-up the courage to confess to Kenji. The DVD/BD box set includes the Kamichu! Specials episodes. For a complete list of episodes and the order they're included in the box set, see the More Info tab. Tanaka Yukio, better known by his nickname Koyuki, is a 14-year-old who feels disconnected from life in general. Through the act of saving a mismatched dog, he meets guitarist Minami Ryuusuke, and becomes involved in Ryuusuke's new band BECK. Koyuki's life starts to change as the band struggles toward fame. In the near future, a violent battle takes place between the dimension La'cryma (protector of humanity) and the dimension Shangri-La, bent on the annihilation of all space-time. A group known as the Dragon Calvary is dispatched through space and time, searching for the only thing that can stop the invasion: the Dragon's Torque. In the present, twelve-year old Haruka and her friend Yuu, are contemplating running away from home when they meet a member of the Dragon Calvary named Karasu (Crow). He believes that Haruka possesses the Dragon's Torque and claims to be Yuu from fifteen years in the future... (Source: DVD Complete Series Box Set) Two side stories: Chapter L (or chapter 25) about Lohmeyer/Romaiya senpai. Chapter F (or chapter 26) about Miwako finding ways to make fun of Yamazaki. (Source: momento) Lamune tells the story of a boy named Kenji and his childhood friend Nanami. Although, everyone seems to know that they have a relationship, neither are determined to push it anymore than close friends. The story goes through flashbacks, explaining why they are such close friends and any action doesn't seem to push them apart, but draw them closer. (Source: ANN) Kamikura Hiroki is an art student at the local school Nadesico Academy (High School and college level) whom intends to be an art teacher in the future. He is also the advisor to the high school arts society where his cousin, Housen Elis, attends. While Elis is a painter like Hiroki, Hiroki seems to have given up on his dreams and no longer paints. There appears to be some mysterious trauma in the both of their pasts which may have changed them. Meanwhile, the high school hires a new PE teacher, Kikyo Kiri. On the first day, she bumps into Hiroki and is stunned. Here is the boy she confessed to and he refused her... (Source: ANN) The thirteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. The story focuses and revolves around the 108th Guard Squad, stationed in Aomori. A poorly equipped unit with very little military standing, it is often viewed as a 'reject camp' for pilots not making the grade for the elite units based in Hokkaido. The apparent helpless nature of this force is hardly a deterrent for the encroaching enemy armies, ever closing in on both the 108th and the rest of the empire. The young pilots of the 108th, who had dreamed on returning home, are plunged forcefully and unwillingly into a war. (Source: ANN) Sunao Konoe starts her first day at a new school and is surprised to find that there is no drama club. So, she decides to make one of her own. But between a childhood friend showing up, the crazy student body, and the arrogant student council president blocking her at every turn, it seems that actually creating the club is going to be more difficult than she thought. (Source: ZomgAnime) The Yamada sisters, Kyou (15) and Asu (9), are students studying in secondary and primary schools respectively. Their mother passed away and their father ran away after incurring gambling debts. Despite the difficult circumstances, both of them decide to overcome the unhappiness and welcome their days with enthusiasm and pride. Fortunately, with the change in the law system several years ago, Kyou is able to study and simultaneously take temporary jobs (such as distributing newspapers and tutoring) to make ends meet. On the other hand, Asu takes charge of household chores, prepares meals, and manages the finances to assist her older sister. Surrounding them are also good and kind neighbors such as the novelist, Saegusa-san, and the aunt at the public bath who watch over them. Although life is difficult and at times painful, the sisters are happy to have each other. (Source: ANN) Based on the American cartoon, "The Powerpuff Girls." Professor Utonium and his son Ken are studying the strange Chemical X. When a mochi cake falls into the formula, it changes into Chemical Z. Ken fires a ray of Chemical Z at a glacier in Tokyo Bay, however that causes strange black and white lights to scatter. The black lights turn its victims into monsters, with emphasis on a black light hitting a zoo monkey and transforming him into Mojo Jojo. The white lights, however, aim at three normal girls, Momoko, Miyako, and Kaoru. This gives them the power to transform into superheroes, the Powerpuff Girls Z! Nanami Takahashi welcomes the start of her high school life with great expectations of making as many friends as possible. There is much talk among the girls about a popular boy, Motoharu Yano, who has 2/3 of the girls in his middle school liking him. When Nanami asks Yuri Yamamoto, the girl sitting next to her, about Yano, the latter curtly replies that she dislikes him. Nanami is clueless of who Yano is until the day of the class nomination when she made a fool of herself by calling the name of her new friend wrongly. It turns out that she has actually met Yano along the corridors (unaware of his true identity) and he tricked her by providing a random name, resulting in the embarrassing incident in class. Nanami was initially mad at Yano but after a few encounters with him, she begins to find herself liking him. As a young child, Aizawa Yuuichi had often visited his cousin in the city; however, something drastic happened to keep him away for seven long years. Now, Yuuichi returns, his memories of those days are simply gone. Settling into the wintry town, Yuuichi comes across several young girls, all of whom are connected to his past. As he befriends them and continues to interact with them, the long forgotten memories from his childhood begin to resurface... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yuji and Shana's class go on a trip to see various temples and shrines, followed by a trip to a hot springs resort. During the trip, Matake Ogata tries to tell Eita Tanaka her feelings for him, but various complications and hijinks occur that prevent her from doing so. Genius bartender, Sasakura Ryuu makes the most incredible cocktails anyone has ever tasted. Seeking his "Glass of God", individuals from all different walks of life visit his bar. With both a compassionate ear and a godly drink, Ryuu helps people with their problems. (Source: ANN) Hiroko Matsukata is a woman who works for a magazine company. She puts all she has into her work, and is known as a strong, straight-forward working girl, who can at will turn herself into Hataraki man (working man) mode. Despite Hiroko's success at work, her life lacks romance. Even though a hard worker, she'd leave early anytime to go on a date. Too bad her boyfriend is even bigger a workaholic than Hiroko. (Source: ANN) This is an OVA released on October 27th, 2006. It is also classified as the 13th episode (thus a sequel) to Kashimashi ~Girl Meets Girl~. Hazumu confessed his love to Yasuna, but she turned him down him. To ease his heartbreak, he went to Mt. Kashimayama where he had met her first. However he lost his way in the mountain, and it was night time. He saw a big shooting star, and when he began to wish, he found out that something was wrong. It was not a shooting star, but it was a falling space ship. He was involved in the crash, but he managed to survive by the help of an alien. However, he became a girl due to the accident during the reconstruction of his body. (Source: ANN) This is sweet and bitter love story of Dejiko who is a grown up. The story begins on the Christmas day. Dejiko or Di Gi Carat is working part-time at a bakery shop. On her way from the shop, she happens to meet a young guy, Senba Taokuo at a park. Then, she meets him again in a town. While Dejiko begins to care for Tako and she’s looking forward meet him again, Takuo drops in at her shop.... Whether will she succeed in love? (Source: AnimeNfo) Summer has arrived, and the students of Lillian Girls' Academy are on break! Yumi and Sachiko head out to the Ogasawara family's summer home, but what was supposed to be a relaxing vacation takes a turn for the worse when some of Sachiko's old acquaintances drop by for tea. These rich and snobby debutantes don't think Yumi is worthy of Sachiko's affection and they're out to make this summer one she'll regret. (Source: RightStuf) It's the start of a new year for the Genshiken crew, and that means recruiting new members. Always a dreaded task, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture manages to get Chika Ogiue pushed onto them from the Manga Club. With her introduction of "I'm Ogiue and I hate otaku," this year certainly will be anything but boring. (Source: ANN) Nana Episode 11.5: Junko's Room Nana Episode 21.5: Junko's Room 2 Nana Episode 36.5: Junko's Room 3 Based on the original story by Mukainakano Yoshio. The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) Three monkey brothers from the from an urban city go to live in the countryside. There's no convenience store nor arcades there; truly bare-bones. The story follows their daily lives trying to make friends and have fun amongst the villagers. Omake Special from the final DVD volume. The Special storyline has very little to do with the original series outside of having some of the same characters, and has a completely different storyline which does not fit into anything which came before it. (Source: AniDB) Four workers wait out the night around a campfire. Three of them are talking about different things when they start hearing strange noises. Their discussion wakes up a sleeping companion who promptly goes back to sleep only to start having dreams... Ai is a self-reliant girl that moves to Animal Village. She makes friends with the various villagers as she settles into the village. One night as she walked along the beach, she finds a message in the bottle. It sets her off on a quest of planting pine trees around the village to fulfill a miracle on the eve of the Winter Festival. (Source: ANN) The story is set in a village called Green Forest Village, where is inhabited by friendly animals. The story were focused on 5 special animal friends whose friendship binds them together, Koori: A brown Raccoon boy and an aspiring inventor, Pinpin: A blue and white Giant Panda boy and a warm hearted artist, Lalla: a pink Tabby cat girl and an aspiring musician who wishes to be a princess, Toto: a purple Bat boy who wants to be a pilot and fly and lastly; Curucuru, a Brown bear boy who likes to cook. All of them venture through several adventures in the forest and town, making exciting and marvelous stories and also getting in and out of trouble as they learn valuable lessons in life and things around them. (Source: Wikipedia) Forget the fashion police or a therapist – the Pinky Street action figure Saki is here to save the day! Mei is a tomboyish girl who would love to spend more time on fashion like her favorite Pinky Street figure, if she wasn’t busy being hassled by her male classmates; Keiichirou is an otaku who collects Pinky Street figures, and who has just been in a fight with a good friend. Both are taken in their sleep to the fabulous Pinky Town, where they are taken to a clothing store, toy store, and have a bite to eat with Saki herself! What other insights await our heroes? (Source: Anime-Planet) A continuation of Hal and Bons. A nameless heroine packs up her belongings into a large satchel and heads out of the city. Walking on foot across the countryside, she encounters a strange collection of creepy crawlies and ghostly spirits. Short episode entitled "A Miracle Of Us Being Able To Meet Again", which can be also considered as "Aria the Natural" episode 0. Himeno Mimika is a daughter of historical cook family. She goes to a cooking school, Miracle Academy which train cooks all over the world. Vying with rivals, she brings out her gift, and she grows up as a cook. (Source: AnimeNfo) A sunny summer's day, the trembling insides of a girl are painted by Dazai Osamu's hidden masterpiece, "School Girl," a "Kaku Nime" production. Dazai's new literature taste is that of a person's challenge. The format of a girl talking to herself is presented by Motosaku, a Dazai Osamu fan as well; a girls of the modern day's heart also will resound as the finishing touches are applied to this work. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) Bonus episodes on the DVDs featuring the girls on a field trip to Chichibu. Hazumu was a shy boy who enjoyed gardening, collecting herbs, and long walks in the mountains. One day he finally worked up the courage to confess his love to Yasuna, but she rejected him. Depressed, he wandered up Mt. Kashimayama, the place where they first met, to reconsider his feelings. After getting lost, he wished upon a shooting star and received a bizarre twist of fate. Now he is a she, and she stumbles headfirst back into social life and relationships only to find that the entire landscape has changed! (Source: Media Blasters) This is a story about a little girl who lives in an old house in the mountains. Her name is Bincho-tan. Each episode depicts a day in the life of Bincho-tan as she prepares her breakfast in the morning, goes to the forest to gather vegetables, does her household chores and rests at night after a day's work. She is surrounded by a group of close friends who add color to her ordinary yet simple life. Komaneko is the story of a very curious cat, named Koma-chan, that attempts to make her own stop motion. She deals with many challenges, but she also made some friends while creating her movie. Her curiosity makes her even more friends. Enter the Arari Show and meet the host Mr Arari, an over-dynamic showman who really knows how to liven up an audience. Ever wanted to learn more about the culture, language and lifestyle in Korea? Learn some words and phrases? And be amused and entertained at the same time? Come and meet the 3 foreign visitors Michael, Jenny and Lala. See how they cope with being exposed to a culture so very different from their own. Meet Penelope, the absent-minded young koala. Rarely seen without Deudeu – her favourite stuffed rabbit – Penelope likes nothing more than finding another adventure in the most unlikely of places. A simple gust of wind blowing her hat away can lead to Penelope running her own stall atop a tree stump where she trades flowers for apples, and paper planes for acorns. From games of hide and seek with her friends, to playing with the bubbles in the bath or counting sheep during nap time, Penelope’s life is never dull – even if she does wear odd socks when she gets herself dressed in the morning. (Source: Anime-Planet) The fourteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Kyon, your typical high school student, has long given up his belief in the supernatural. However, upon meeting Haruhi Suzumiya, he quickly finds out that it is the supernatural that she is interested in—aliens, time travelers, and espers among other things. When Haruhi laments about the lack of intriguing clubs around school, Kyon inspires Haruhi to form her own club. As a result, the SOS Brigade is formed, a club which specializes in all that is the supernatural. Much to his chagrin, Kyon, along with the silent bookworm, Yuki Nagato, the shy and timid Mikuru Asahina, and the perpetually smiling Itsuki Koizumi, are recruited as members. The story follows the crazy adventures that these four endure under their whimsical leader, Haruhi. The story is based on the light novels by Nagaru Tanigawa. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Eriko and her friends Yuma and Ayano are excited about entering high school. Their excitement leads to their breaking of the rules when they toured the school before the opening ceremony. They find out their preconceptions about the all female school may not be as true as they had first thought. Despite that, Eriko and her friends are joined by new friends. They aim to get through high school life together. (Source: ANN) Nana Komatsu is a helpless, naïve twenty-year-old who easily falls in love and becomes dependent and clingy to those around her. Even though she nurses ambitious dreams of removing herself from her provincial roots and finding her true calling, she ends up traveling to Tokyo with the humble reason of chasing her current boyfriend Shouji Endo. Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is a proud, enigmatic punk rock vocalist from a similarly rural background, who nurtures the desire to become a professional singer. Putting her career with a fairly popular band (and her passionate romance with one of its former members) firmly behind her, she boards the same train to Tokyo as Nana Komatsu. Through a fateful encounter in their journey toward the metropolis, the young women with the same given name are brought together, sparking a chain of events which eventually result in them sharing an apartment. As their friendship deepens, the two attempt to support each other through thick and thin, their deeply intertwined lives filled with romance, music, challenges, and heartbreaks that will ultimately test their seemingly unbreakable bond. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When people dream, they express their utmost desires and emotions within the confines of their mind; but when their strong emotions cross the border into reality, the dream can turn into an uncontrollable nightmare. Touko and Rinko are sisters known as "yume tsukai" (dream users), and their job is to take care of these nightmares. Using toys as weapons, the girls must both destroy the nightmare and return the dream to its rightful owner before the nightmare does any sort of serious damage. Have no fear, Touko and Rinko are here! (Source: Anime-Planet) Akari Mizunashi continues her training to become a Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier) along with her friends Aika and Alice in the peaceful city of Neo Venezia. Despite the fact that these three girls are from competing companies, they are constantly together, learning more about how to become better tour guides and more about the mysteries of Neo Venezia. As the group continues to meet interesting and unforgettable people through their daily routines, they will also come closer to the secrets that make the enigmatic and ever beautiful city of Neo Venezia so warm and alive. Welcome back to Neo Venezia: the city where miracles can be created by hand. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When Yoshinaga Futaba wins the first prize in a lottery, the prize turns out to be a stone gargoyle. More surprising yet, the gargoyle turns out to be alive. (Source: ANN) Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. As a young child, Aizawa Yuuichi had often visited his cousin in the city; however, something drastic happened to keep him away for seven long years. Now, Yuuichi returns, his memories of those days are simply gone. Settling into the wintry town, Yuuichi comes across several young girls, all of whom are connected to his past. As he befriends them and continues to interact with them, the long forgotten memories from his childhood begin to resurface... [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special of the Ojarumaru series. Takaki Toono and Akari Shinohara, two very close friends and classmates, are torn apart when Akari's family is transferred to another region of Japan due to her family's job. Despite separation, they continue to keep in touch through mail. When Takaki finds out that his family is also moving, he decides to meet with Akari one last time. As years pass by, they continue down their own paths, their distance slowly growing wider and their contact with one another fades. Yet, they keep remembering one another and the times they have shared together, wondering if they will have the chance to meet once again. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the famous classic novel Les Miserables. Being a single mother is hard in early 19th Century France. When young Cosette was traveling with her mother trying to find a job and a place to live, they were always shunned away because very few employers hire single mothers. When she is promised with the prosperity of working in the big city, Cosette is separated from her mother in the hopes a caretaker will watch over her while her mother earns some money. Unfortunately this was a trick and the caretaker is a corrupt man who makes Cosette his indentured servant. Then the kind mayor of the town that Cosette makes her new home in sees how winds of change are so detrimental for children and families, and decides to do something about it. (Source: ANN) Shinichi Chiaki is a first class musician whose dream is to play among the elites in Europe. Coming from a distinguished family, he is an infamous perfectionist—not only is he highly critical of himself, but of others as well. The only thing stopping Shinichi from leaving for Europe is his fear of flying. As a result, he's grounded in Japan. During his fourth year at Japan's top music university, Shinichi happens to meet Megumi Noda or, as she refers to herself, Nodame. On the surface, she seems to be an unkempt girl with no direction in life. However, when Shinichi hears Nodame play the piano for the first time, he is in awe of the kind of music she creates. Nevertheless, Shinichi is dismayed to discover that Nodame is his neighbor, and worse, she ends up falling head over heels in love with him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A transfer student Asai Mugi is a painfully shy girl. She is so shy that she can't speak when she becomes seriously nervous. However, for some reason, she is spotted and recruited as a member of the drama club. (Source: AnimeNfo) For years, Yuno has dreamed of attending Yamabuki Arts High School, but now that she's been accepted, it means the scary prospect of moving away from her home and family for the first time! Fortunately, Yuno quickly learns that if her new neighbors at the eclectic Hidamari (Sunshine) Apartments aren't technically family, at least the majority share the bond of being fellow art students. From second year students like Hiro and Sae, who try to behave like helpful older sisters (mostly successfully) to her hyperactive new neighbor, classmate and best friend Miyako (who has the scariest apartment ever) Yuno begins to build the support network she'll need for dealing with strange characters like her oddly masculine landlady, her cosplay obsessed home room teacher, her tooth-chattering principal and all of the other odd denizens who inhabit her chosen world of art. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Manabi Straight! follows the lives of a group of young high school girls living in the year 2035 while they attend the all-girl Seioh Private High School. Since the birth rate has dropped dramatically, schools are being closed down due to the sheer lack of students available to teach. Morale in schools has dropped dramatically, and Seioh is no exception. The story begins when the main character, Manami Amamiya, transfers to Seioh. After some initial hijinks involving a futuristic scooter and a swim meet, followed by an inspirational school song performance, she is inducted as the student council president. The story that follows pertains to Manami working with Mika Inamori, the only other student council member, and three other classmates named Mutsuki Uehara, Mei Etoh, and Momoha Odori, in student council matters.  After some remodeling of the student council room, Manami and her friends set forth to plan for the upcoming student festival. (Source: Wikipedia, edited) Lucky☆Star follows the daily lives of four cute high school girls—Konata Izumi, the lazy otaku; the Hiiragi twins, Tsukasa and Kagami (sugar and spice, respectively); and the smart and well-mannered Miyuki Takara. As they go about their lives at school and beyond, they develop their eccentric and lively friendship and making humorous observations about the world around them. Be it Japanese tradition, the intricacies of otaku culture, academics, or the correct way of preparing and eating various foods—no subject is safe from their musings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on Barasui's manga series, Ichigo Mashimaro follows the life of Nobue Itou, her younger sister Chika, and her friends. The basic premise of the show can be summed up in "cute girls do cute things in cute ways", be it trying to quit smoking, going outside to play, celebrating a holiday, or doing school work. This OVA picks up where the series left off, continuing the adventures of your everyday life, only cuter. (Source: AniDB) Specials included with the Code Geass anime DVDs. How did Lelouch and Suzaku first meet? What do the girls at Ashford get up to together in the bath? Yorito Morimiya is obsessed with the the sky. He especially loves taking pictures of its array of different faces—sunrises, sunsets, clouds. On one of his early-morning excursions to photograph the sunrise, Yorito meets a strange girl engaged in an argument with a vending machine. By the time that Yorito forces the girl's tomato juice out of the machine, she's vanished without a trace. Sola follows the story of Yorito, his sister Aono, and their childhood friends Mana and Koyori Ishizuki, as well as that of a mysterious girl who appears and disappears, and who seems to harbor a dark secret. In a world where magic and the supernatural are never far below the surface and no one is who they seem to be, love and loneliness vie for supremacy beneath Yorito's sky. Main character in this film, Mai, has a handicapped brother, who is totally deaf, called Dai-Chan. He is like a younger brother for Mai yet he is actually her older brother because Dai-Chan always asks Mai to hold him up with smiling all over. One day, an elementary school Mai goes to and a handicapped school Dai-Chan goes to start to communicate each other. And then, Mai's class mates started to make fun of Mai and draw a funny portrait of Dai-Chan on black board in the class. Mai gets shocked and hurt at that mischief. And moreover, their mother gets sickness at the same time. That's why Dai-Chan should enter in an orphanage for handicapped children; however, Mai really wants to take care of him by herself, so she tries to stop it. This story is written about a love of family, close bond, and relationship between human and human. We definitely have a common warm heart and a moment we have to use it with honest feeling. This film could remind us some important things we should never forget about our life. (Source: AniDB) In the faraway village of Haworth, a new chapter in Emma's life has begun. Now employed by the wealthy Molders family, Emma has resolved to put the past behind her. She'll have to adjust to a new house, a charming (but eccentric) new mistress, and a host of fellow servants, some with buried pasts of their own. Meanwhile, back in London, William is doing his best to uphold his father's wishes as the Jones family heir, but try as he might, he can't forget Emma. Yet, whenever he feels at his worst, Eleanor is always there to comfort him with a warm, shy smile. Could the answer to his broken heart be right before his eyes? (Source: RightStuf) Doujin Work follows the life of a young girl named Najimi Osana and her exposure into the doujin world. She was first tempted into becoming a doujin artist after seeing how much one of her friends can make at a convention. Najimi loves to draw, though soon learns contrary to what she expected that this new world is anything but easy. As she attends more conventions and meets more people, Najimi eventually manages to find a group of very interesting friends. These friends already have some experience in the field and help her out along the way so that she can someday make a name for herself creating doujinshi. (Source: ANN) Tomoya Okazaki is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away. One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself.  Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Nagisa Furukawa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing. However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school.  Eventually he concedes and befriends her.  Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club.  Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls. As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems.  As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realize life isn't as dull as he once thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture, otherwise known as Genshiken, is now under the charge of a more confident Sasahara. Things have changed in between semesters, and the otaku club now has a new otaku-hating member named Ogiue. Sasahara's initial goal of starting a doujin circle and selling those fan-made magazines at the next Comic Festival becomes a reality, but reality is a cruel master... who apparently crossplays. Afterward, the club is abuzz with talk about Tanaka and Ohno's relationship, which takes a hesitant step forward. (Source: Media Blasters) This special is a recap of the first season of Eikoku Koi Monogatari Emma: Intermission as well as a preview of the second season Eikoku Koi Monogatari Emma: Molders Hen. A 15-second animated commercial for The Shinano Mainichi Shimbun newspaper in Nagano. Based on a seinen manga by Kikuchi Naoe and Yokomi Hirohiko, serialised in IKKI. The "story" is that a manga artist is asked by her boss to accompany him and a travel-writer on various train trips around Japan and draw a manga about it. The kicker though, is that it's completely non-fiction —the creator really did go on all these trips, and the manga simply records what happened, with no embellishment. There's a little disclaimer at the front that says "This is non-fiction, so I apologize for the lack of drama," and indeed, it mostly is just about them riding trains from place to place, waiting on platforms, etc. The "travel writer" turns out to be a super train-otaku who has vast knowledge of the train network, but also micro-manages all their trips, planning every detail down to the second. He cares mostly about following the schedule and successfully achieving his planned goals (e.g. visiting all stations on a line in a completely bizarre order to accomodate infrequent trains). The mangaka doesn't really care about trains; she's cynical, sarcastic, and rather lazy (she mainly just looks forward to the next eki-ben); he's completely gung-ho as long as he's following the schedule, and the inevitable conflicts are pretty entertaining. Throughout, though, it feels real —if you've travelled by train in Japan it will all seem very familiar, not just the scenery, but also the atmosphere and feel— and the artist does a great job of pacing and applying little tweaks to keep it consistently entertaining. In an additional bit of recursiveness, some of the characters who show up in the manga (who of course are real people, who really did show up) do so because they (really) read previous episodes of the manga! In addition of course, you can learn about various out of the way and interesting Japanese train lines and stations; some of them really do look cool. There's always this vague sense of surreality about it however, the trips are all planned by the train-guy (goal: visit all 9,843 stations in Japan) who seems to consider everything as part of a checklist rather than an experience to be enjoyed. You learn a bit about train-otaku culture too; there's really only the one guy in the story, but train-otaku culture is a sort of constant peripheral presence. (Source: AniDB) The story of Aria company before the arrival of Akari. Chinami Ebihara is girl with a strange ability to generate electromagnetic waves when her emotions run high. However, since this "ability" affects anything electrical, it resulted in her having to transfer from school to school when she was younger. As Chinami, now 18 years of age, transfers to a new school, she once again affects the electronic devices in the school, but this time, when another student, Kotaro Kannagi, sees her do this, he becomes obsessed in studying her "TYPE-E" ability. (Source: ANN) When elephants are about to die, they will leave their herd and die alone. When a person knows that he is about to die, what will he choose? It's lung cancer, and it has already metastasized. There are probably 6 months left. It's a story about a man's last few steps in his life. It's probably quite different from the elephants. After being deserted by her parents, 11-year-old Miyori shuts her heart from the rest of the world and denies any form of human relationships. She was entrusted in the care of her grandmother who lives near a forest. Miyori will take a walk in the forest where she felt a strong sense of loneliness in the forest which seems to have nothing. However, she soon encounters unbelievable things and gradually realizes that the forest is more than what it seems... (Source: ANN) 15 one-minute shorts created by various people from Japan's animation industry. The title of the collection, Ani*Kuri15, is abbreviated from the words "anime" and "creators". Season One Shinji Kimura (Studio 4°C; Art Director, Steamboy) - title: Attack of Higashimachi Ni Chome/Attack of Higashimachi 2nd Burough Shōjirō Nishimi (Studio 4°C; Character Designer, Tekkonkinkreet) - Uchujin Raikou Hiroshi no Baai/Invasion from Space - Hiroshi's Case Akemi Hayashi (Gainax; Character Designer, Fruits Basket) - Namida no Mukou/From the Other Side of the Tears Osamu Kobayashi (Madhouse; Art/Mecha Desgin, Gungrave) - Sancha Blues/The Aromatic Tea Blues Yasufumi Soejima (Gonzo; 3D/CG Director, Last Exile) - Hyotoko/Blaze Man Season Two Atsushi Takeuchi (Production I.G; Mecha Design, Ghost in the Shell) Mamoru Oshii (Production I.G; Director, Ghost in the Shell) - Project Mermaid Kazuto Nakazawa (Studio 4°C; First Unit Director, Kill Bill Chapter 3: The Origin of O-Ren from Kill Bill: Volume 1) - "yurururu" ~Nichijou Hen~ Ranji Murata (Gonzo; Character Design, Blue Submarine No. 6) and Tatsuya Yabuta (Gonzo; Story Design, Final Fantasy VII) - Gyrosopter Tobira Oda (Original Manga, Danchi Tomō) and Yasuyuki Shimizu (Key Animation, Naruto (movies)) (Studio 4°C) Season Three Michael Arias (Studio 4°C; Director, Tekkonkinkreet) - Okkakekko Makoto Shinkai (Comix Wave Film; Director, The Place Promised in Our Early Days) - Neko no Shuukai/A Gathering of Cats Shōji Kawamori (Satelight; Director, The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love?) - Project Omega Mahiro Maeda (Gonzo; Director, Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo) - Onmitsu Hime Satoshi Kon (Madhouse; Director, Paprika) - Ohayō/Good Morning This is a story about two sisters: Shizuru, is a high school student who is able to see ghosts while her younger sister, Mizuki, is haunted by these apparitions. Frustrated by their abilities, their parents decided to entrust the sisters into the care of their grandparents who live in the countryside. As they adapt to life in the countryside, Shizuru and Mizuki begin to learn about the importance of coexisting nature with these apparitions. (Source: ANN) Sora Kajiwara is a shy first year who joined the art club at her school. Sora slowly becomes less shy as she befriends everyone in the art club. She also grows artistically and learns how to sketch the beautiful world around her... and cats! There are three of the Minami sisters: Haruka, Kana and Chiaki, who have an average life. The girls only have each other to depend on and help each other get through everything from love confessions to cooking. (Source: ANN) Serious and generous, but a bit shy, Yuudai has been unsuccessful with the opposite gender. Chizuru is an energetic and cheerful girl, but when it comes to boyfriends, she's been unlucky and clumsy, and never had a steady relationship. This is the first Christmas the couple spends together. Chizuru loves animals and Yuudai plans to give her a rabbit in a box, but it turns out to be... a mini donkey?! As the funny creature escapes, Chizuru goes after it, and Yuudai loses sight of them both! The time that should have been spent together... The important feeling that should have been revealed... Small, but precious things that tend to be buried in every day life. What answer will the two youngsters find while separated from each other? Yuudai and Chizuru - their feelings and the time they spent far from each other are delicately unfolded in this double-sided pure love story told from two different perspectives! (Source: Production I.G.) Sequel of the Hidamari Sketch TV series. The OVA consists of two side stories. The first takes place some time during the first half of the series and the second takes place the day before episode one. This episode takes place before the actual planning of the School Fair and shows how the girls spend their summer holidays. Neighborhood children help a group of retirees solve local mysteries in contemporary Japan. Mikio Osawa, an average 5th grade school boy, lives in the suburbs of Osaka. Mikio likes Haruko Tezuka, a cute little girl in his class. However, Mikio is too shy and withdrawn to tell Haruko that he likes her. One day, Mikio's close friend Megane brings news that Haruko is about to move away to another town... Kaede Newtown is a romantic comedy animation created by Naoto Iwakiri, an Osaka-born illustrator. With cute little characters and music created by Japanese band Aprils and singer-songwriter TOMOVSKY, Kaede Newtown takes you back to the good ol' town you lived in during the good ol' days of your childhood. (Source: crunchyroll.com) Adapted from renowned writer Li Xintian's same-titled novel, animated film Sparkling Red Star is a heartwarming, colorful, and patriotic children's story set in 1930s China. Naked Ambition and Love on the Rocks director Lam Chiu Yin makes a rather significant departure from his previous works to present the big adventures of a little comrade. Growing up in a time of chaos, carefree village boy Dongzi greatly admires his brave Red Army soldier father and the Red Guards who have protected his village from the evil landlord. When Dongzi's father leaves for the Long March, he gives a sparkling red star to his son. This red star becomes Dongzi's protector in the subsequent years as he encounters numerous hardships and slowly comes of age during the changing tides of wartime China. Nana Komatsu is a helpless, naïve twenty-year-old who easily falls in love and becomes dependent and clingy to those around her. Even though she nurses ambitious dreams of removing herself from her provincial roots and finding her true calling, she ends up traveling to Tokyo with the humble reason of chasing her current boyfriend Shouji Endo. Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is a proud, enigmatic punk rock vocalist from a similarly rural background, who nurtures the desire to become a professional singer. Putting her career with a fairly popular band (and her passionate romance with one of its former members) firmly behind her, she boards the same train to Tokyo as Nana Komatsu. Through a fateful encounter in their journey toward the metropolis, the young women with the same given name are brought together, sparking a chain of events which eventually result in them sharing an apartment. As their friendship deepens, the two attempt to support each other through thick and thin, their deeply intertwined lives filled with romance, music, challenges, and heartbreaks that will ultimately test their seemingly unbreakable bond. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. NHK's English education program featured the adventures of a puppy named Charo in New York. Tomoya Okazaki is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away. One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself.  Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Nagisa Furukawa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing. However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school.  Eventually he concedes and befriends her.  Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club.  Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls. As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems.  As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realize life isn't as dull as he once thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A promotional anime for Osaka funded by the Osaka Convention & Tourism Bureau. Recap of Hidamari Sketch series included on the limited edition DVD ""Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x 365". In Eve no Jikan , The Three Laws of Robotics are held above all else in a world where android housekeepers have become commonplace. Although they look human, they are treated the same as lesser technology such as toasters and alarm clocks. Not everyone feels this way, however. Android sympathizers, known as "android-holics," have been labelled as heretics and problematic members of society. Rikuo Sakisaka was raised to believe and uphold society's tenets about androids, and is perfectly aware they are not human. Then one day, he finds abnormal data in his family android's activity logs. This leads him to a café that has only one rule that its clientele must follow: there must be no discrimination between humans and androids inside. Curiosity drives Rikuo to discover more about this strange place and its regulars, even though he has no desire to befriend machines. The second season of Minami-Ke. It picks up where the first season left off, and just like the first season, it's about the daily lives of the three Minami sisters, Haruka, Kana and Chiaki, and their school friends. In Neo Venezia, Akari, Aika, and Alice continue to work diligently toward the day they become full-fledged Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier). The girls have come far since they began their training, and they are slowly forming their own distinctive styles as tour guides for the city. On the long journey towards their goal, the girls have relied on the advice of their seniors from their respective companies: the patient and understanding Alicia from Aria Company, the strict and proper Akira from Himeya Company, and the clumsy yet caring Athena from Orange Planet Company. Will the girls be able to blend the advice from their mentors with their personally acquired knowledge of Neo Venezia to become praiseworthy Prima Undines? Welcome once more to Neo Venezia; the city that personifies warmth and tranquility. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Porfy, his younger sister Mina, and their parents live a humble but happy life in the Grecian countryside. They've just started running a gas station, much to Porphy's joy, and it seems like only good things are in store for their future. However, a huge earthquake changes all that, leaving Porfy without a home or a family -- sans Mina, who seems to have disappeared in the commotion. Now, Porfy is determined to find his sister and be able to live together happily again. Kouta has girl troubles of the supernatural sort. For some reason, he keeps attracting the attention (and affections) of animal spirits! Having spent most of his life in the country, Kouta is understandably nervous when he moves in with his grandma to attend a high school in the big city. He hoped to make a good impression, but having Chizuru, a beautiful fox spirit, hanging off his arm didn't seem to be the sort of image he wanted to have. She's not alone in her love for Kouta, either. Nozomu, a wolf spirit, as well as other youkai have their sights set on the hapless country boy. After passing her entrance exam, Yuno enrolls at Yamabuki High School as part of an art degree. She stays at the Hidamari Apartments along with best friend Miyako, and seniors Hiro and Sae. Each episode follows a day in her life as she mingles with her friends, close peers, overly hyper teachers and closely follows the mundane lives of the high school girls. (Note: This season also takes place in Yuno's first year at high school, and overlaps with season one of the show) (Source: ANN) Tsubomi Tachibana is a fifth grader dealing with rather sensitive issues such as her mother's pregnancy, her first period and the strange feelings she has started to get when she has been around boys. (Source: ANN) A grey and white kitten with black stripes wanders away from her mother and siblings one day while enjoying a walk outside. Lost in her surroundings, the kitten struggles to find her family and instead is found by a young boy, Youhei, and his mother. They take the kitten home, but pets are not allowed in their housing complex, so they try to find a new home for the kitten. This proves to be difficult, and the family eventually decides to keep the kitten, naming her "Chi." (Source: Wikipedia) Special lesson about Mine, Masumi, Chiaki and Nodame's travel to Nagano. The daily life of the Motsumoto family. The three sisters, Fuu, Suu, and Chii, follow what happens on a daily basis. Mother and Father have to deal with them sometimes, but they're used to it. In an alternate universe to the original Clannad anime, Okazaki Tomoya is dating Sakagami Tomoyo in the 24th and final episode of Clannad. When Tomoyo is elected Student Council President, her dream to save the school's cherry blossom trees from being cut down begins to come to fruition. However, her never-ending duties and bad rumors about their relationship spread by fellow students due to Tomoya's reputation as a delinquent create a rift between the two. As Tomoya watches Tomoyo rise higher and higher into the distance, their relationship is stretched to the limit by a society that threatens to break them apart. While most fifteen-year-old boys, in one way or another, harbor secrets that are related to girls, Takashi Natsume has a peculiar and terrifying secret involving youkai: for as long as he can remember, he has been constantly chased by these spirits. Natsume soon discovers that his deceased grandmother Reiko had passed on to him the Yuujinchou, or "Book of Friends," which contains the names of the spirits whom she brought under her control. Now in Natsume's possession, the book gives Reiko's grandson this power as well, which is why these enraged beings now haunt him in hopes of somehow attaining their freedom. Without parents and a loving home, and constantly being hunted by hostile, merciless youkai, Natsume is looking for solace—a place where he belongs. However, his only companion is a self-proclaimed bodyguard named Madara. Fondly referred to as Nyanko-sensei, Madara is a mysterious, pint-sized feline spirit who has his own reasons for sticking with the boy. Based on the critically acclaimed manga by Yuki Midorikawa, Natsume Yuujinchou is an unconventional and supernatural slice-of-life series that follows Natsume as he, with his infamous protector Madara, endeavors to free the spirits bound by his grandmother's contract. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sakura Nankyoku is a total otaku. Due to a fluke, she gets elected as her class' Student Council President. Everything takes off from there into a series of crazy misadventures revolving around Sakura, her family, and her classmates. (Source: ANN) Clannad: After Story , the sequel to the critically acclaimed slice-of-life series Clannad , begins after Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa graduate from high school. Together, they experience the emotional rollercoaster of growing up. Unable to decide on a course for his future, Tomoya learns the value of a strong work ethic and discovers the strength of Nagisa's support. Through the couple's dedication and unity of purpose, they push forward to confront their personal problems, deepen their old relationships, and create new bonds. Time also moves on in the Illusionary World. As the plains grow cold with the approach of winter, the Illusionary Girl and the Garbage Doll are presented with a difficult situation that reveals the World's true purpose. Based on the visual novel by Key and produced by Kyoto Animation, Clannad: After Story is an impactful drama highlighting the importance of family and the struggles of adulthood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mokke Special Episodes: 1. Toorikaze (Passing Wind) 2. Mitsua Shigaeru Ryuuji Takasu is a gentle high school student with a love for housework; but in contrast to his kind nature, he has an intimidating face that often gets him labeled as a delinquent. On the other hand is Taiga Aisaka, a small, doll-like student, who is anything but a cute and fragile girl. Equipped with a wooden katana and feisty personality, Taiga is known throughout the school as the "Palmtop Tiger." One day, an embarrassing mistake causes the two students to cross paths. Ryuuji discovers that Taiga actually has a sweet side: she has a crush on the popular vice president, Yuusaku Kitamura, who happens to be his best friend. But things only get crazier when Ryuuji reveals that he has a crush on Minori Kushieda—Taiga's best friend! Toradora! is a romantic comedy that follows this odd duo as they embark on a quest to help each other with their respective crushes, forming an unlikely alliance in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In a city filled with anthropomorphic cat-people, Catman lives free of rules and boundaries, doing everything he wants, which often collides with the other iinhabitants of the city. Created entirely in flash, with no spoken dialog, Catman instead speaks in English and Japanese subtitles. The series is spread across three so-called 'seasons', with only the third having been aired. The OVA features six separate stories revolving around the cast, some of which border on the bizarre; one of which is an MMORPG environment being played by Konata, Kagami, Tsukasa, and Nanako Kuroi, and another in which Kagami has a "suggestive" dream about Konata. (Source: Wikipedia) Having been given the opportunity to study in Paris, Noda accompanies Chiaki to Europe as he strives to become the accomplished conductor he always dreamt to be. (Source: ANN) Get ready for a second magical journey to the world of Someday's Dreamers, where spellcasting is a profession that requires both the proper training AND a license. It's to get that license and fulfill a promise made to her late father that young Sora Suzuki has made the long journey from her distant home in the countryside town of Biei to the big city of Tokyo. It's a daunting challenge, but she's got a little bit of talent, a charming personality and, most important of all, the promise of an internship! What she ISN'T expecting, though, is how different life in the city will be, especially the people themselves. While she gets along with the confident Asagi, Kuroda and the gentle Hiyori, she's completely confused with the mysterious boy Gouta. And yet, as a result of their internships they keep ending up in the same situations and slowly learning to understand more about each other than they ever imagined possible! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) On their first day of high school shy Ayumi Nonomura and taciturn Tatsuki Iizuka become lost on the immense campus of Kamizono Academy. An irresistible force of nature named Torako Kageyama accompanied by her best friend Suzume Saotome appears in front of them. Led, sometimes pushed, by Torako, the girls and their classmates work through problems of school, home and adolescence. Special episode based on manga Navigation 39 entitled "The Secret Place". Its action takes place between episodes 5 and 6 of Aria the Origination. Akari and President Aria take a walk in the eastern part of Neo-Venezia. The are spotted by Akatsuki, who follows them to try to greet Akari. They eventually end up at St Mark's Basilica, where Akari has a secret place, which is discovered by Akatsuki, Aika, and Alice. (Source: Wikipedia) ONA Special episode #11.5. A dvd only prequel to the Candy Boy series.  Twin sisters, Yukino and Kanade Sakurai, move to a new school in the big city of Tokyo but not everything is quite like they expected. 5 minute specials featuring previously unseen scenes from the main Code Geass R2 series, mostly comedic in nature. Picture Dramas bundled on the DVD volumes. Akiba-chan focuses on the daily life of Akiba-chan and four fellow TV and game fans in the Maison de Akiba apartments. Buildup Entertainment (Gundam: Mission To The Rise, Macross Plus) produced the computer animation with director Junya Kabe (Specter, D) and character designer Poyoyon Rock (Nurse Witch Komugi, Starship Girl Yamamoto Yohko). (Source: yukianimereviews.com) The story takes place in the land of Amber Ground, a place of perpetual night only partially illuminated by an artificial sun. Lag Seeing works as a "Letter Bee" (delivery boy) at the "Bee Hive" (a delivery service), with his Dingo, Niche, and her "pet," Steak, traveling with him. He is entrusted with the "hearts" of the everyone in Amber Ground to deliver their packages. (Source: Wikipedia) Short specials from the DVDs. The sixteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. The Toyama Kankou Anime Project is a visualization of the three most popular tourist spots of the Toyama prefecture: Tateyama Kurobu Alpine Route; firefly squid from the mysterious ocean of the Toyama Bay; Gokayama known for its architectural world heritage Gasshouzukuri. The animation is done by PA Works, which is located in Toyama-ken Nanto-shi, and the flash is done by The BERICH, which is a unit that resides in Toyama-ken Uozu-shi. Along with a high-definition commentary video of these attractions, this project aims to broadcast the stunning nature of the Toyama prefecture to the world. This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes. NHK's English education program featured the adventures of a puppy named Charo in New York. The first series from the GiftMovie Project, which was aired in between theater commercials at all 57 TOHO Cinemas theaters. It features a rabbit called Rope and his senpai squirrel Akira, and their long, disrupted way to the movie theater.  Specials included on the DVDs.  The Peeping Life comedy anime series spawned five shorts for Japanese theaters. Each of the five shorts was running on the lobby monitors in T-Joy's theater chain for two weeks before being replaced by the next short. In Tokyo's Shinjuku Wald 9 cinema complex the shorts were run on the complex's actual theater screens. They were then included in the Peeping Life: The Perfect Emotion's DVD release. Recap OVA of the Toradora series included as a bonus with limited edition of Choudokyuu Premium Box release of PSP game Toradora! Portable. The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) Recap of Hidamari Sketch x 365 series included on the limited edition DVD "Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x ☆☆☆". Based on the picture book "The Adventures of Lena Lena" by Harriët van Reek about an incredibly curious girl who looks at the world like children do. She explores whatever comes her way, be it a rat, a worm or even her own body. Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB) Three men build their dream home from scraps for fun only to have it taken away. Yumi and the Yamayuri Council have found two new helpers in Kanako and Toko. Unfortunately, their assistance comes with tension, as neither girl is particularly fond of the other and both seem likely candidates to be Yumi's petite soeur. Will either be a good fit for Yumi? As the school year marches on, the work for the Yamayuri Council piles up, and pressure begins to mount for Yumi to make her final decision. (Source: RightStuf) The daily life of the Motsumoto family. The three sisters, Fuu, Suu, and Chii, follow what happens on a daily basis. Mother and Father have to deal with them sometimes, but they're used to it. Clannad: After Story , the sequel to the critically acclaimed slice-of-life series Clannad , begins after Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa graduate from high school. Together, they experience the emotional rollercoaster of growing up. Unable to decide on a course for his future, Tomoya learns the value of a strong work ethic and discovers the strength of Nagisa's support. Through the couple's dedication and unity of purpose, they push forward to confront their personal problems, deepen their old relationships, and create new bonds. Time also moves on in the Illusionary World. As the plains grow cold with the approach of winter, the Illusionary Girl and the Garbage Doll are presented with a difficult situation that reveals the World's true purpose. Based on the visual novel by Key and produced by Kyoto Animation, Clannad: After Story is an impactful drama highlighting the importance of family and the struggles of adulthood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ryuuji Takasu is a gentle high school student with a love for housework; but in contrast to his kind nature, he has an intimidating face that often gets him labeled as a delinquent. On the other hand is Taiga Aisaka, a small, doll-like student, who is anything but a cute and fragile girl. Equipped with a wooden katana and feisty personality, Taiga is known throughout the school as the "Palmtop Tiger." One day, an embarrassing mistake causes the two students to cross paths. Ryuuji discovers that Taiga actually has a sweet side: she has a crush on the popular vice president, Yuusaku Kitamura, who happens to be his best friend. But things only get crazier when Ryuuji reveals that he has a crush on Minori Kushieda—Taiga's best friend! Toradora! is a romantic comedy that follows this odd duo as they embark on a quest to help each other with their respective crushes, forming an unlikely alliance in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The new episodes of the "2nd season" of Haruhi Suzumiya aired in chronological order along with the re-airing of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2006 in what is called according to Kyoto Animation: The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2009 . This season contains arcs that occurred chronologically in the first season and more. For complete episode information, see the More Info tab. Ichigo Mashimaro encore is a two-episode OVA continues onwards from the previous set of OVAs of Ichigo Mashimaro. A year has passed since Okawari and the three sisters have grown up. Their likings and moods are almost the same. Haruka, the older sister, is a love-giving mother to the younger sisters and a discipline follower. Kana, the middle one, leaves everything to the last possible moment and always gives trouble to the trio. Chiaki, the little one, is the calculating and manipulating one; she likes to be admired and loved by Haruka and always gives trouble to the less blessed Kana. Despite being an unbalanced family, they love each other with all their heart. The family's daily life is as funny as ever; trouble and love are always present. Now it's time to see if they'll survive this age change since Haruka is now a young adult; she has even more responsibilities, having to watch over the young while integrating into the adult life. (Source: ANN) As with its prequel, Zoku Natsume Yuujinchou is about Takashi Natsume, a boy who has had the ability to see youkai since he was young, and his bodyguard youkai Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei. Natsume attempts to return names written in his "Book of Friends" (which he inherited from his grandmother Reiko) to youkai in his village. Throughout these adventures, he meets some youkai that are friendly, some that want to steal the Book, and some that want to kill him, as Natsume learns about himself and his relationship with these mysterious beings along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Himeno Mimika is a daughter of historical cook family. She goes to a cooking school, Miracle Academy which train cooks all over the world. Vying with rivals, she brings out her gift, and she grows up as a cook. (Source: AnimeNfo) The story of what happened to Anne Shirley before she was adopted. The Ayanoi High School features the Geijutsuka Art Design Class (GA) that focuses on the arts. Five close friends — the energetic "hime"-prankster Noda Miki; the level-headed, cynical Nozaki Namiko; the intelligent, observant, and kind Oomichi Miyabi; the lively and mischievous tomboy Tomokane; and the curious, innocent, glasses-wearing Yamaguchi Kisaragi — attend this class with great enthusiasm, learning about the many art techniques. Every day seems to pose a new and interesting challenge, be it struggling with the latest assignment or when dealing with the daily strangeness of school life. (Source: AniDB) Saki Miyanaga is a high school freshman who doesn't like mahjong. Ever since she was a child, she would lose her New Year's gift money during her family mahjong game. If she won, her parents would be upset, and if she lost, well, she lost. As a result, she's learned to play in such a way that her score differential always remains ±0: not good enough to win, but not bad enough to lose. When we meet her, she's being dragged to her school's mahjong club by an old friend. How will a girl who hates mahjong, yet has become adept at the game as a result of her upbringing, survive in this environment? (Sources: ANN and AniDB) Hirasawa Yui, a young, carefree girl entering high school, has her imagination instantly captured when she sees a poster advertising the "Light Music Club." Being the carefree girl that she is, she quickly signs up; however, Yui has a problem, she is unable to play an instrument. When Yui goes to the clubroom to explain, she's greeted by the other members: Ritsu, Mio, and Tsumugi. Although disheartened at Yui's lack of musical know-how, they still try to convince her to stay to prevent the club's disbandment. After playing Yui a short piece which re-ignites her imagination, they succeed in keeping their new member and guitarist. Along with the tasks of school and homework, Yui begins to learn the guitar with the help of the other band members, experiencing many mishaps along the way. However, with the school festival drawing near and Yui getting stuck with her practice, will the Light Music Club be ready in time for their debut? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Love Momozono is a 14-year-old student at Yotsuba Junior Highschool that tends to care more for others than for herself. One day she visits a show of the famous dance unit "Trinity" and decides to become a dancer, too. On the same event, subordinates of the Labyrinth Kingdom show up who want to collect the unhappiness of the audience. Love gets the power to change into Cure Peach and fights them. Soon after, she is joined by her good friends Miki, who is Cure Berry, and Inori, who becomes Cure Pine. (Source: ANN) Valentine's Day is approaching; Hosaka is still trying to express his love to Haruka by cooking, cross-dressing Mako-chan fears to be found out, Kana-"sensei" teaches the other girls how to "win" Valentine's Day, and Fujioka is desperately trying to receive Kana's chocolate. Nakamachi Kana is a junior high school girl, but when her grandmother passes away she is left all alone. Stuck for somewhere to live, she finds a newspaper carrier station and starts working for her room and board, alongside other female workers that make every day as fun as the last. When Nicoletta was a little girl, her mother, Olga, abandoned her and ran off to Rome to remarry. Now, 15 years later and a young woman, she travels to Rome with the intention of ruining her mother's life. She tracks Olga down to a restaurant called Casetta dell'Orso, but the second Nicoletta steps through its door, everything changes. It's a peculiar place staffed entirely by mature gentlemen wearing spectacles, and like their clientele, she is helpless against their wise smiles and warm voices. Before Nicoletta realizes it, her plans for vengeance start to fade, and she's swept up in the sweet romance of everyday Italian life. (Source: Right Stuf) The Yamadas and Chi move to a new apartment house, where keeping a pet is allowed. Kuronuma Sawako is completely misunderstood by her classmates. Her timid and sweet demeanor is often mistaken for malicious behavior. This is due to her resemblance to the ghost girl from "The Ring," which has led her peers to give her the nickname Sadako. Longing to make friends and live a normal life, she is naturally drawn to Kazehaya Shouta, the most popular guy in class, whose "100% refreshing" personality earns him great admiration from Sawako. So when Kazehaya starts talking to her, maybe there is hope for the friendships Sawako has always longed for. Maybe... there is even a little hope for some romance in her future. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Saku Ooyagi returns to his hometown after seven years and is soon reacquainted with his childhood friend, Mihoshi Akeno. The reunion is far from merry since the last memory they have of each other is of her falling off a tree and him saving her. In any case, Mihoshi is determined to improve their relationship and forces Saku to join the astronomy club she founded. Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children. Yurume, an 18-year old "ronin" and recent high school graduate, has high hopes of being accepted and attending Tokyo University. She moves into an apartment complex, the Maison du Wish, located on the outskirts of Tokyo where other ronins living there are studying for upcoming college acceptance exams. Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN) Fumi Manjoume, an introverted, bookish teenage girl, is beginning her first year of high school at Matsuoka Girls' High School. She enters the school year with her heart broken by a previous relationship. At about the same time, she reconnects with her best friend from ten years ago, Akira Okudaira, who is now attending Fujigatani Girls' Academy as a first-year high school student. As they reconnect, they both deal with their own respective romantic problems, and help each other get through them. (Source: ANN) A 20-minute special centering around the life of Yukihisa Matsuda in Paris with his jealousy of Chiaki who is now a successful conductor also working in Paris. The intrigue goes international in The King of Eden, a feature-length conspiracy thriller that continues the action of Eden of the East. The deadly game that began in Japan now intensifies on the streets of New York City. The rules are the same: do whatever it takes to win. Die if you lose. Takizawa prevented Japan's destruction - and then he vanished. Six months later, clues lead Saki to the Big Apple in search of her missing friend. Meanwhile, the remaining Selecao are plotting their final move. Some of them would prefer Takizawa dead and out of the way. Some might even be willing to help him achieve his goals. Unfortunately, some are prepared to destroy everything if it means claiming checkmate in Mr. Outside's puzzling game. (Source: Funimation Entertainment) Final episode (designated as Episode 8) of Candy Boy which came with DVD volume 2. The episode centres around a day at the pool. Twelve 1-minute fictional shorts about the real-life Japanese band SCANDAL. Slice of life comedy about pitfalls of Japanese society. Based on a manga about cats and their sake loving owner. The film was directed by Noboru Ishiguro (The Super Dimension Fortress Macross) and is based on the true story of Yoichi Hatta (1886-1942), a civil engineer who traveled to Japanese-ruled Taiwan in 1910 to build a complex irrigation system in the barren southwest. Hatta manages to overcome the initial doubts of local farmers, but a tragic tunnel accident eventually halts the project and shakes his confidence. (Source: AniDB) With the arrival of summer and the school break, Chizuru, Kota, and the rest of their friends are lazily enjoying the warm weather. Chizuru flirts with Kota, Kota gets embarrassed, and Nozomu gets in the way. Tayura pines after Akane, Akane rebuffs Tayura, and a sexy good time ensues. The status quo isn't quite the same since the fox snared her prey, but the timeless boy-meets-girl tale lingers on. (Source: Media Blasters) Ukkari Penelope is about a young koala's daily adventures. The narrator is Mamiko Noto! Extra anime shorts included on DVD. Episode 1: Summer Memories (Vol. 1) Episode 2: The Meteor Distance (Vol. 3) Episode 3: Twinkle Star (Vol. 5) Note: Music video specials are not included in the entry as they don't contain any new scenes. Ichigo is a little girl who is distressed by the failing relationship between her mother and father (who is actually her step-father). After school one day she meets a driver of a magical bus and finds herself taking a ride in the bus. The bus transports her to the past to shortly after her mother and real father met. Perhaps she is meant to do something that will help her parents stay together and love one another further into the future. (Source: ANN) The "summer supernatural teen comedy" revolves around an ordinary high school boy named Takashi who ends up living with a space alien's spirit (uchūjin no yūrei) after a strange incident. He names the creature "Uchurei" and plans to keep it as a pet, but becomes possessed by it. (Source: ANN) 1. February 24: Polaroidron / February 25: Won't Forget 2. February 10: Anywhere Bicycle / February 11: The Tortoise and the Hare 3. June 6: Red Thread / June 7: Deeper Meaning Based on the Russian "national character" Cheburashka. The character comes from Eduard Uspensky's story about a mysterious creature who gets accidentally transported in a box of oranges to Russia. A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. Saki picture drama included in the DVD volumes 3 through 9. Comedy anime about the generation gaps. The three main characters represent the major generations of Japanese; Yutori (teenagers), Tsumekomi (20-30s) and Dankai (middle age). Tsumekomi-chan is an office worker in a toy company and supervises the part-time working student Yutori-chan. She tries to get along with Yutori-chan but her selfish behavior typical of the Yutori generation is incomprehensible. The seventeenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. A comedy anime about the life of Machiko, a sheep girl who lives in the Champs-Élysées shopping district. Note: Eleven episodes released as of August 20, 2015. Set in a post-apocalyptic world destroyed by nuclear war, it tells the story of a damaged robot found by futuristic soldiers investigating a devastated area. The humanoid appeared to be household robot, reminiscent of Asimov, and when the soldiers booted it up, they were able to see what was left of videos recorded inside its memory as seen by the robot throughout the years. In just under seven minutes and with no dialogue, the film poignantly reminds us that all our experiences, the things that we hold dear in our lives, are in constant threat. (Source: Bouncing Red Ball.com) Two short "skit-type" anime: Episode 1: "Meii Jade? (Great Doctor Jade?)" Episode 2: "Goshujin-sama to Maid (Master and Maid)" In 2039, helper androids are widespread as general purpose electronics. Keiichiro lost his family in a traffic accident and retired from his band. One day, he finds an android of an old model in a garbage dump. He takes her home, but after taking her to a repair shop he was told that she couldn't be repaired, so he plans to throw her away. The next day, Keiichiro finds her making breakfast for him. Thus begin the summer days of an android with no memories and a dreamless boy. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Extra episode of Kowarekake no Orgel which was added to theatrical release of anime and DVD/BD. Flower notices that Keiichiro seems tired and decides to cook something new for him. In 2039, helper androids are widespread as general purpose electronics. Keiichiro lost his family in a traffic accident and retired from his band. One day, he finds an old model android in a garbage dump. He takes her home but after taking her to a repair shop he was told she couldn't be repaired so he planned to throw her away, but the next day he finds her making breakfast for him. Thus begin the summer days of a memoryless android and a dreamless boy. Kowarekake no Orgel was originally an independent animation released as an OVA. Later on it received a theatrical release that is a bit different and longer than the original. What is love? Two robots abandoned by their previous owner are with a new owner, a scientist. A story about the meaning of love. NHK's English education program. In Little Charo 2, the puppy journeys with his master through a mysterious place called the Middle World, which lies between the World of the Living and the World of the Dead. (Source: AniDB) Kyoto Animation commercial. Kyoto Animation commercial. The sequel to Kamiusagi Rope; it also aired in between commercials at theaters. A sequel to Peeping Life comedy anthology, The Perfect Emotion features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches. Special included in the Peeping Life: The Perfect Emotion's DVD release. Specials included on the DVDs for the second season. A promotional anime for Nissan Soap's Fafa laundry mascot. These two ONA films were promoting the AiR Fafa project. The project itself was a type of augmented reality app that people could play with. North American viewers may recognize Fafa under a different name "Snuggle". The mascot for the fabric softener brand owned by Sun Products. Nisshin Seifun Group commissioned 3 commercials for a mascot, Konyara, from Studio Ghibli to promote their company. The first commercial was for their 110th anniversary. Collaboration of Peeping Life and PS3. A DVD containing 6 PS3 related Peeping Life episodes was given out at the 2010 Tokyo Game show. Kuronuma Sawako is completely misunderstood by her classmates. Her timid and sweet demeanor is often mistaken for malicious behavior. This is due to her resemblance to the ghost girl from "The Ring," which has led her peers to give her the nickname Sadako. Longing to make friends and live a normal life, she is naturally drawn to Kazehaya Shouta, the most popular guy in class, whose "100% refreshing" personality earns him great admiration from Sawako. So when Kazehaya starts talking to her, maybe there is hope for the friendships Sawako has always longed for. Maybe... there is even a little hope for some romance in her future. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Adaptation of a French children's picture book written by Jean-Philippe Arrou-Vignod and illustrated by Olivier Tallec. The story follows a precocious five year old girl named Rita and a lazy but easy-going dog named Machin. Anzu goes to a kindergarten with her friends, the shy Koume and the eccentric Hiiragi. Together they try to attract attention from their caretaker Tsuchida. However, he is clearly more interested in the pretty Yamamoto who supervises the class next door. In a lonely corner of the world, on the edge of No Man's Land, sits Clocktower Fortress. It's home to the 1121st Platoon of the Helvetian Army, and their newest member is a 15-year-old volunteer named Kanata Sorami, who enlisted to learn how to play the bugle. When she was a child, Kanata was saved by a beautiful soldier and found inspiration in the clear, golden sound of her trumpet. From that day forward, Kanata decided music would be her life. As the other platoon members train her how to be a bugler and a soldier, Kanata's enduring optimism will inspire them to look for happiness and beauty, even in a world haunted by war. (Source: Right Stuf, Inc.) Afterschool Teatime performs live on New Year's Eve. Due to his love for small, cute things, Souta Takanashi cannot turn childlike Popura Taneshima down when she recruits him to work for Wagnaria, a family restaurant located in Hokkaido. Takanashi takes particular joy in doting on the older Popura, which only fuels her complex over how young she looks. He also quickly learns he must stay on his toes once he meets the rest of his colleagues, including the katana-wielding floor chief Yachiyo Todoroki, the intimidating head chef Jun Satou, the dangerously well-informed and subtly sadistic sous chef Hiroomi Souma, the adamantly lazy manager Kyouko Shirafuji, and the waitress Mahiru Inami who has a "painful" fear of men. Powered by an eccentric cast, Working!! is a unique workplace comedy that follows the never-dull happenings within the walls of Wagnaria as Takanashi and his co-workers' quirky personalities combine to create non-stop antics, shenanigans, and hilarity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] GA: Geijutsuka Art Design Class OVA. "I Want to Draw the Blue Sky" On her first day of junior high school, Mato Kuroi meets Yomi Takanashi. Though Yomi is initially taken aback by Mako's straightforward personality, the pair quickly becomes friends and begin to spend time together daily. As a sign of their friendship, Mato gives Yomi a cell phone charm—a blue star, identical to her own. However, when the two enter their second year, their relationship starts to change. Placed in a different class, Mato begins to spend more time with Yuu Koutari instead, a girl she met through the basketball team. In fact, the former best friends drift apart so much so that Mato cannot find Yomi anywhere, as if she had disappeared entirely. Elsewhere, Black★Rock Shooter is on a quest to vanquish the Dead Master. These two, while opposed, bear a connection not unlike Mato and Yomi. As their stories begin to cross, it seems Yomi's disappearance may have to do with the blue star-shaped charm and the legendary gunslinger herself. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The continuing stories of the daily life of the students of the Hidamari Apartments at Yamabuki High School. This time, a year has passed since the first season. Yuno and Miyako are second years, Sae and Hiro are third years, and two new students, Nori and Nazuna, move into the Hidamari Apartments. (Source: ANN) The movie version is the complete version of the story. It includes all the OVAs and completely new scenes giving details on the background story of some characters. Sometime in future Japan, androids have been involved in every aspect of people's lives. One day, upon checking his android's behavioral log, Rikuo, a student, noticed his android's returning times have been odd recently. With his friend Masaki, they found out the place where his android, Sammy, have been visiting: a small cafe called Eve no Jikan where androids and human are not seen as different. Upon talking with the "people" in the cafe and discovering more of Sammy's behavior, Rikuo changed his view about androids and treat them as friends rather than tools. At the same time, elsewhere in Japan, the Ethics committee is trying to impose policies to reduce the involvement and use of androids in society. (Source: ANN) Boku, Otary-man (otaku + salaryman) is a autobiographical manga of the author Yoshitani, who is also working as a system engineer. It's about a slice of life of an office worker, who is a little bit otaku. The 11-year-old Marui triplets could not be any more different. The oldest one, Mitsuba, is sadistic and kind of mature for her age. The middle one, Futaba, is perverted and very athletic and has the strength of a full-grown man. The youngest one, Hitoha, is generally very quiet and gentle but when push comes to shove, she might just be the strongest, the most perverted and the most sadistic out of the three. The three are all in the same class, led by the newly graduated teacher Yabe Satoshi. He usually gets pushed around by the girls and, on occasion, abused but the triplets also try to lead him and the new school nurse, the clumsy Kuriyama Aiko, together. However, Yabe had no intention of dating Aiko and the methods the triplets use to accomplish their goal are highly unorthodox... 2nd year middle school student Tsubomi Hanasaki has just moved with her family to the town of Kibougahana to live with her grandma. She is shy and introverted, but is determined to start off her new school life at Myoudou Academy as confidently as possible. Lately she has been having the same mysterious dream again and again, of Cure Moonlight's defeat at the Great Heart Tree. She wonders what it all means. Then suddenly, two fairies from the dream appear to her, and before she knows it, she is transformed into the legendary Pretty Cure, Cure Blossom! Later joined by her high energy classmate and new friend Erika Kurumi as Cure Marine, the two girls vow work hard to protect everyone's Heart Flowers from the evil gang, The Desert Messengers. The student band "After School Tea Time" (lead guitarist Yui Hirasawa, bassist Mio Akiyama, drummer Ritsu Tanaika, and keyboardist Tsumugi Kotobuki) are ready to graduate and take their band to new heights. But before they can do that, they must recruit new members to ensure the survival of the light music club! Between band practice, club recruitment, and studying, the girls stumble through daily teenager life: concerts, college applications, holidays, and vacations. Along with junior club member Azusa Nakano, the girls of K-On!! are ready to make their senior year of high school a great one! Summarized version of the 50-episode TV series. Includes all the highlights. Chi meets someone new at the park and tries to befriend him. Kurashita Tsukimi loves jellyfish to the point of obsession, which is why she can’t bear to see a jellyfish being mistreated in a local pet store. When the socially awkward Tsukimi fails to speak up for the jellyfish, a beautiful woman steps in, sparking the beginning of an extremely unlikely friendship. Tsukimi and her nerdy friends (who are also her roommates) are swept off their feet by this newcomer in their lives. She’s everything they’re not: effortlessly stylish, incredibly confident, and a part of a social circle the girls only dream of joining. She might also not be quite what she seems to be… With the help of her new friend Tsukimi becomes confident enough to take on the world, protect her home from destruction, and attempt to achieve her life-long dream of becoming a designer. This little Kuragehime is on her way to becoming a queen. "I" died and was kicked out of the cycle of reincarnation because of the sin "I" committed. An angel told me that "I" won a lottery and he gave me a chance to remember the sin. My spirit possessed the body of the 14-year-old boy Makoto, who committed suicide and "I" tried to recollect my memory. "I" felt distressed by the terrible circumstances of Makoto and the fact that "I" was borrowing his body. "I" have started to realize that people are hurting each other because the world is too colorful to distinguish the true color of themselves from others. Fujyoko is a 24 year old office worker. She admires her fashionable senpai Takayo, but one day she meets her at a doujinshi event. According to the official website, two extra episodes will be included in the Blu-ray and DVD volumes 4 and 7 of "Sora no Woto". The volumes 4 and 7 will be released on June 23rd (episode 7.5) and September 22nd (episode 13), respectively. From a bleak future, Shinnosuke Nohara sends a girl named Tamiko on a mission to bring his five-year-old self to that time period right before being captured. Reaching the past, she claims to be Shin-chan's bride and takes him and his friends on a wild adventure to try to save the world to come. (Source: ANN) Picture Drama included in the Blu-Ray release. Arika and Eristin have just transferred to a new school. On their way home they found a wounded lost cat and they decided to look for its owner. From the depth of the seas rises an evil monster, bent on taking over the human world: Ika Musume. She's ruthless. She's menacing. She's... an adorably non-threatening little girl who makes an awesome squid-ink spaghetti? Ika Musume has come out of her home in the ocean on a quest to punish humanity for polluting her waters. With squid tentacles for hair and some pretty useful ink-spitting skills, Ika Musume is sure she'll have no trouble invading Earth. What she didn't account for were the Aizawa sisters, rough and tumble Eiko and deceptively mellow Chizuru, who immediately bully her into working as a waitress in their seafood restaurant by the shore. Ika Musume decides to take this chance to learn more about the human world, having silly adventures, meeting lots of strange characters, and never once letting world domination out of her sights. Will Ika Musume be able to exact her revenge on the human race that had wronged her? Or will she learn to enjoy the company of these foolish air-breathers and let bygones be bygones? Tsuda Takatoshi is about to begin his first year in Ousai Academy.  His decision to enter Ousai was based upon it being close to his home and he paid no heed to the fact he'd be among the first boys to enter the recently gender-integrated school. On his first trip to school, Takatoshi is surrounded by girls; the train has nothing but girls, the walk to school has nothing but girls and once he finally arrives he is approached by a group of girls and summarily appointed vice-president of the student council and, as expected, he is the only boy there. Now Takatoshi finds himself surrounded by crazy girls who do nothing but horrify him with their candid conversations about feminine hygiene products and, what's worse, assume he's the worst kind of man, the kind who doesn't clean himself and watches porn all day long. Two years ago, Tachibana Junichi got his heart broken by a girl who didn't show up for a date on Christmas Eve.  Now a second year student in high school, Junichi spends his days inside his closet planetarium, going to school and hanging out with his friends Tanamachi Kaoru and Umehara Masayoshi. After a chance encounter with one of the most beautiful girls in school, the third year student Morishima Haruka, Junichi finds himself spending time with her, carrying books for her or having her unexpectedly jump on his back and act as she's a jockey and he's her horse.  Soon enough, Junichi becomes romantically interested in Haruka which leads to... Amagami SS is based on a PS2 dating game featuring six different girls. The story of the anime will be arranged in an omnibus format, with each heroine getting her own version of the story animated. Each heroine will sing her own version of the ending theme song. Hotori Arashiyama loves mysteries, but there's one she just can't solve: why does the solution to one problem inevitably seem to lead to another? Like how when Hotori has to start working at the Seaside Maid Cafe after school to pay off a debt and her friend Toshiko fortunately knows exactly how a Maid Cafe should be run. Which is fortunate since Hotori has no clue. Except that, unfortunately, Toshiko has no interest in working at the cafe—until she discovers that Hotori's childhood friend Hiroyuki is a regular. Which SEEMS fortunate. Except that Hotori doesn't know that, while Toshiko likes Hiroyuki, Hiroyuki secretly likes Hotori, while Hotori secretly has a crush on... No, no more spoilers! But if that's not enough drama, there's work, angst with a certain math teacher, table tennis between her classmates, her younger brother versus the school's bad girl... And yet, even though everything seems like it's going to crash at any moment, somehow Hotori's life keeps going hilariously forward. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Kirino Kousaka embodies the ideal student with equally entrancing looks. Her grades are near perfect, and to cover her personal expenses, she works as a professional model alongside her best friend Ayase Aragaki, who abhors liars and all things otaku. But what Ayase doesn't know is that Kirino harbors a deep, entrenched secret that will soon be brought to light. At home one day, Kyousuke, Kirino's perfectly average brother, stumbles upon an erotic game that belongs to none other than his seemingly flawless little sister. With her reputation at stake, Kirino places a gag order on her sibling while simultaneously introducing him to the world of eroge and anime. Through Kirino, Kyousuke encounters the gothic lolita Ruri Gokou and the bespectacled otaku Saori Makishima, thus jump-starting an entirely new lifestyle. But as he becomes more and more involved in his little sister's secret life, it becomes that much harder to keep under wraps. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The short follows a college student named Ai-chan as she wanders aimlessly around Kobe. An unusual figure appears to help guide her around the city. (Source: ANN) Anne is an orphan full of imagination. When she arrives at her new home she learns that sometimes you have to be a sensible person too; at the same time her unique character changes, or at least attracts, the people around her. The story covers Anne's growth from about eleven to seventeen years old as she makes friends, goes to school and studies. At a difficult point in her life, Anne will have to make a hard choice and perhaps find a new dream. Second season of the everyday life of the lady with many cats. Based on a blog by the cat owner. Actress Miki Nakatani (Ringu, Densha Otoko) will take over the series' voice acting duty in second season. A "healing story" OVA from director Satou Junichi, the director of Aria and Umi Monogatari. The story takes place in Seto Inland Sea and is about a girl who likes taking pictures. Upon her return to Japan after a two year study break in Paris, Ichigo Amano is met with news of Team Ichigo's separation, as each of the Sweets Princes takes a different path toward their dream. Now in her first year of high school, Henri Lucas has a project in store for her, enlisting the help of Ichigo, Makoto Kashino, and new members Lemon Yamagishi and Johnny McBeal to give rise to a new Team Ichigo. As the four work together on this project, Ichigo and Makoto continue to grow closer, though Johnny and the unrelenting Miya Koshiro will not idly sit by; with Johnny's eye on Ichigo and Miya still after Makoto, it definitely seems like love won't come easily. With Ichigo's time at St. Marie Academy, she is now ever closer to her dream of starting her very own pâtisserie. However, she will soon realize that it takes more than just making delicious sweets to open up a shop. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Special episodes announced at Comic Market 78. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Set in the eastern Japanese prefecture of Ibaraki, Agukaru centers around Sanae Baraki, a farmer’s daughter who can see spirits. Every day she works on her field together with such spirits to produce the best agricultural goods. However, there is a group that aims for that field. With the blessing of the earth, she transforms into Agriculture Angel Baraki. The true end arc of Ore no Imouto. These four episodes branch out after the 11th episode of the main TV series and present an alternative version to the end of the TV series. These episodes contrast with the good end arc of the TV series, which was an original ending written for the anime, and instead closely follows the original story from the light novels. It is the start of Takatoshi Tsuda's second year as the put-upon vice president of the student council and his sister Kotomi is entering school as a first year. New friends and double entendres are made. (Source: ANN) Daikichi Kawachi is a 30-year-old bachelor working a respectable job but otherwise wandering aimlessly through life. When his grandfather suddenly passes away, he returns to the family home to pay his respects. Upon arriving at the house, he meets a mysterious young girl named Rin who, to Daikichi’s astonishment, is his grandfather's illegitimate daughter! The shy and unapproachable girl is deemed an embarrassment to the family, and finds herself ostracized by her father's relatives, all of them refusing to take care of her in the wake of his death. Daikichi, angered by their coldness towards Rin, announces that he will take her in—despite the fact that he is a young, single man with no prior childcare experience. Usagi Drop is the story of Daikichi's journey through fatherhood as he raises Rin with his gentle and affectionate nature, as well as an exploration of the warmth and interdependence that are at the heart of a happy, close-knit family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Nichijou primarily focuses on the daily antics of a trio of childhood friends—high school girls Mio Naganohara, Yuuko Aioi and Mai Minakami—whose stories soon intertwine with the young genius Hakase Shinonome, her robot caretaker Nano, and their talking cat Sakamoto. With every passing day, the lives of these six, as well as of the many people around them, experience both the calms of normal life and the insanity of the absurd. Walking to school, being bitten by a talking crow, spending time with friends, and watching the principal suplex a deer: they are all in a day's work in the extraordinary everyday lives of those in Nichijou . [Written by MAL Rewrite] A series of animations based on prize-winning short stories for women. Kawamo wo Suberu Kaze (January 7, 2011) In the story, 33-year-old Kanazawa native Noriko had decided long ago not to accept an ordinary, provincial life for herself. So, she had gone to college in Tokyo, worked on her own, married a man at an elite trading firm, and had a child. She has just returned home from five years abroad with her husband and four-year-old son. However, she senses a large emptiness in her heart since coming back. Moreover, there is a man who shares a big secret with Noriko. Yuuge (March 10, 2013) Mimi, a wife in her late 20s, leaves her family and begins living with a young man. Jinsei Best 10 (March 17, 2013) Hatoko, a business woman, faces her upcoming 40th birthday and reunites with the person with whom she shared her first kiss in middle school, over two decades ago. Dokoka Dewanai Koko (March 24, 2013) A 43-year-old housewife gets a glimpse of a complicated relationship between a mother and a daughter. (Source: ANN) As a little girl, Fuu Sawatari’s father taught her to love photography. They took pictures everywhere they went. But after he passed away, seeing those photographs only served as a reminder of her loss, so she locked them away to be forgotten. Years later, her brother Kou finds their father’s picture album, and as he flips through its pages, the pictures remind Fuu of all the happy memories of her father that she will carry with her forever. Now, as the shy Fuu enters her first year of high school, she once again takes up her father’s old camera, determined to take wonderful pictures that will bring joy and happiness to others. (Source: Nozomi Entertainment) Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy. (Source: AniDB) A new short CGI movie and a short extra anime bundled with the special edition of the game Macross Triangle Frontier . The nefarious Squid Girl is back to continue her self-appointed mission to invade the surface world. Or that's what she would do, if she could just stop getting distracted by squidding movies, reading squidly manga, and making friends as only a squid could make them. Squid Girl must overcome not only danger found at every turn, but her own squidly good nature as well. (Source: ANN) Natsume Yuujinchou San follows Takashi Natsume, a boy who is able to see youkai. Natsume and his bodyguard Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei, continue on their quest to release youkai from their contracts in the "Book of Friends." Natsume comes to terms with his ability to see youkai and stops thinking of it as a curse. As he spends more time with his human and youkai friends, he realizes how much he values them both and decides he doesn't have to choose between the spirit and human worlds to be happy. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An original anime project promoting the local Okinawa agricultural and industrial businesses and sponsored by the Okinawa Prefecture. Set in Japan's Okinawa Prefecture the story is about three girls who are into music, dance, Okinawan stage productions and karate. (Source: AniDB) The high school students in Kimi to Boku. consider their school life to be anything but exciting. A repetitive journey through classes, arguments, and orientations for future careers that seem way too distant. But with the right group of friends, time can be made to move a little faster. Four high school boys, who have known each other since childhood, hang out together in school every day. There's the handsome twins Yuuki and Yuuta Asaba, the gentle Shun Matsuoka, and the calm class head Kaname Tsukahara. Although they have become used to a lack of excitement in their lives, the addition of a new transfer student, Chizuru Tachibana, who is half German and half Japanese, may add a little more adventure to their routine. With his energetic personality and stories from a distant country, Chizuru may be able to light up the dull atmosphere of the group. After a year in grade school without her childhood friends, first year student Akari Akaza is finally reunited with second years Yui Funami and Kyouko Toshinou at their all-girls' middle school. During the duo's first year, Yui and Kyouko formed the "Amusement Club" which occupies the now nonexistent Tea Club's room. Shortly after Akari joins, one of her fellow classmates, Chinatsu Yoshikawa, pays the trio a visit under the impression that they are the Tea Club; it is only once the three girls explain that the Tea Club has been disbanded that they can convince Chinatsu to join the Amusement Club—a group with no purpose other than to provide entertainment for its members. Based on the slice-of-life manga by Namori, Yuru Yuri is an eccentric comedy about a group of girls who spend their spare time drinking tea and fawning over each other, all while completely failing to even notice the supposed main character Akari amongst them. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The mother of a OL (office lady) sends her an old dresser. The thing is much too big for her small apartment and she doesn't know what to do with it. One night she falls asleep after having a few drinks and wakes up after hearing strange sounds. She sees a child's figure by the table taking some rice crackers... The OL's life with six spirit children begins. Life goes on at the Wagnaria family restaurant as its peculiar employees try to provide a good service despite their individual eccentricities. (Source: ANN) Morita Mayu, a high school girl. She is extremely reticent and her silence and habit of looking at people's eyes straightly sometimes cause misunderstanding. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether. But she lives a happy school life with her classmates. When Kodaka Hasegawa finds out that he will be transferring to a new school, he is determined to make a positive impression, and maybe even some friends. However, Kodaka discovers he is out of luck when he immediately gets labeled as a violent delinquent due to his blond hair and intimidating expression. Although a month has passed, Kodaka is still alone thanks to his notorious reputation. However, his life begins to change when he finds fellow loner Yozora Mikazuki talking to her imaginary friend in an empty classroom. After sharing stories of their lonely high school life, Kodaka and Yozora decide to overcome the difficulties of making friends together by starting the Neighbor's Club. Created for people who don't have friends, daily activities involve learning social skills and how to fit in, which will hopefully allow them to make friends. Joined by the eroge-loving Sena Kashiwazaki, and other eccentric outcasts, Kodaka may finally have managed to find people he can call friends, in this club filled with hilarious oddballs. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Extra anime from the DVD/BDs. Chihaya Ayase, a strong-willed and tomboyish girl, grows up under the shadow of her older sister. With no dreams of her own, she is contented with her share in life till she meets Arata Wataya. The quiet transfer student in her elementary class introduces her to competitive karuta, a physically and mentally demanding card game inspired by the classic Japanese anthology of Hundred Poets. Captivated by Arata's passion for the game and inspired by the possibility of becoming the best in Japan, Chihaya quickly falls in love with the world of karuta. Along with the prodigy Arata and her haughty but hard-working friend Taichi Mashima, she joins the local Shiranami Society. The trio spends their idyllic childhood days playing together, until circumstances split them up. Now in high school, Chihaya has grown into a karuta freak. She aims to establish the Municipal Mizusawa High Competitive Karuta Club, setting her sights on the national championship at Omi Jingu. Reunited with the now indifferent Taichi, Chihaya's dream of establishing a karuta team is only one step away from becoming true: she must bring together members with a passion for the game that matches her own. [Written by MAL Rewrite] According to the official website, episode 4.5 of of Ikoku Meiro no Croisée will be included in the third volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. The episode streamed for a limited time on ShowTime, the official online streaming site for Ikoku Meiro no Croisée. Special episodes from Blu-ray and DVD. Each of the seven volumes of the Blu-ray & DVDs will carry a short SD anime titled "Yune & Alice". Tako-chan joins Seibu Railways in 2011, and gets assigned to Tanashi Station. He finally became a railway employee like he always yearned for, but he constantly keeps making blunders, and so all his work seems to be useless. Will the day come when he can stand on his own? (Source: Official Site) Anime featuring the idol group AGC38. It is set in the classes of the Musashi Asahigaoka Girls' Academy that the girls attend. Hasegawa Kodaka has transferred schools, and he's having a hard time making friends. It doesn't help that his blond hair tends to make people think he's a delinquent. One day, he runs into his bad-tempered solitary classmate Yozora while she's talking animatedly to her imaginary friend Tomo. Realizing that neither of them have any actual friends, they decide that the best way to alter this situation is to form a club and start recruiting. That is how "Rinjinbu", The Neighbours' Club, was formed, a club specifically designed for people who don't have very many friends. As other lonely classmates slowly join their little club, they'll try to learn how to build friendships through cooking together, playing games, and other group activities. But will this group of relationship-challenged misfits really be able to get along? (Source: MU) Ikoku Meiro no Croisée Picture Drama. Four short episodes bundled with DVD/Blu-Ray. Vol.1: Episode 2.5 "Aquarium of Leaves" Vol.2: Episode 3.5 "Dear My Santa Claus" Vol.3: Episode 6.5 "Full Blossom in the Sky" Vol.4: Episode 8.5 "Way Home" Even though studying at a prestigious art school like Yamabuki is hard work, the girls who live at the Hidamari Apartments always manage to squeeze in time for a little fun and exploration. And when they actually get a day off? Watch out world! Yuno, Sae, Hiro, Miyako and new students Nori and Nazuna return to create another masterpiece of life as art, with all new adventures that include swimming, pajama parties, trips to the art museum and even an all-you-can-eat diner courtesy of the landlady! Of course, there’s always a little housework that has to be squeezed in, but with a pinch of resourcefulness and a dash of creativity, even the most onerous of chores can be turned into something magical. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) An unaired episode included in the Blu-ray box set. Yuusaku brings an extravagant bento box to share with the class, which makes Ryuuji feel inferior about his own bento making skills. Desperate to beat his bentos, Ryuuji obsessively tries to compete against them to the point where he even brings a rice cooker to school. After Taiga brings him some salty onigiri, Ryuuji realises that the true meaning of bentos is not the taste, but the feelings that are put into it. (Source: Wikipedia) The second season of Morita-san wa Mukuchi that directly follows the first. Aida Yurume is a ronin student who came to Tokyo to prepare for university entrance exam. But the place was a back district, where the address Tokyo is so ill-fitting. The residents of the apartment are Kawano Sae, a veteran ronin with straight-man character, Tanaka Kumi, an innocent-looking girl and Matsukishi, a young man looking twice as his age. The story depicts their slow and comfortable life of preparing for university. (Source: AniDB) Special ending animation sequence for the "Anime Seijin: Tokimeki Recipe" cooking and talk show. The "nonsensical romantic fantasy" of the anime centres around a kitten named Loup and a puppy named Noix — both of whom believe that they are actually human girls. (Source: ANN) Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, The Perfect Evolution features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches. Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, The Perfect Extension features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches. 3 bonus episodes centering around TV Asahi's female announcers. Promotional animated videos of Osaka's entertainment and shopping district, Nipponbashi (or colloquially known as Nippombashi) narrated by Nipponbashi's mascot Neon and her sister Hikari-chan. Nipponbashi is the equal of Tokyo's Akihabara. Animation accompanying a song for Kawaii Cook-san, a mascot created by Homme Temoin. On April 14, 2012, it began broadcast on television. The "Megumi and Taiyou" commercial depicts the reunion of a girl named Megumi (Ai Hashimoto), who was raised near a grape orchard, and her childhood friend Taiyou (Sakuma Kazuyuki). (Source: ANN) A four minute educational commercial by TOTO about water and how the TOTO ecotechnology works. Short promotional video for an iPhone app from Lantis. A collaboration anime between Frente International's Pinky candy mascot and Nissan Soap's Fafa laundry mascot. North American viewers may recognize Fafa under a different name "Snuggle". The mascot for the fabric softener brand owned by Sun Products. Chronologically the 13th and 15th of the 1st season included on the DVD release in 2011. 3rd season of Kamiusagi Rope. Specials included on Peeping Life: The Perfect Extension OVA, these were not considered a part of the normal episode count of the OVA. Both episodes follow Otaku-kun as he reviews Hoshi wo Ou Kodomo and Planzet. In honor of Peeping Life's broadcast on TV Asahi, a special episode was made featuring Otaku-kun and a female announcer from the TV station. In honor of Peeping Life's broadcast on Kids Station, three CMs were made for the TV channel. YanYan Machiko shorts included with the DVD releases of the original series. Effeminate fifth grader Shuuichi Nitori is considered by most to be one of the prettiest girls in school, but much to her dismay, she is actually biologically male. Fortunately, Shuuichi has a childhood friend who has similar feelings of discomfort related to gender identity: the lanky tomboy Yoshino Takatsuki, who, though biologically female, does not identify as a girl. These two friends share a similar secret and find solace in one another; however, their lives become even more complicated when they must tread the unfamiliar waters of a new school, attempt to make new friends, and struggle to maintain old ones. Faced with nearly insurmountable odds, they must learn to deal with the harsh realities of growing up, transexuality, relationships, and acceptance. Lauded as a decidedly serious take on gender identity and LGBT struggles, Takako Shimura's Hourou Musuko is about Shuuichi and Yoshino's attempts to discover their true selves as they enter puberty, make friends, fall in love, and face some very real and difficult choices. [Written by MAL Rewrite] While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot's arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn't study for. Ohana Matsumae is an energetic and wild teenager residing in Tokyo with her carefree single mother. Abruptly, her mother decides to run away with her new boyfriend from debt collectors, forcing the young girl to fend for herself—as per her mother’s "rely only on yourself" philosophy—in rural Japan, where her cold grandmother runs a small inn. Driven to adapt to the tranquil lifestyle of the countryside, Ohana experiences and deals with the challenges of working as a maid, as well as meeting and making friends with enthralling people at her new school and the inn. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Makoto Niwa meticulously tallies the amount of positive and negative youthful experiences he engages in as if to grade his own life. When his parents go overseas, he moves to a new town to live with his aunt, welcoming the change and ready for a fresh start. However, as ordinary as he had imagined his adolescence to be, he could never have taken the existence of an enigmatic long-lost cousin into account. Upon moving into his aunt's house, he discovers the cousin he never knew about: Erio Touwa. Despite being Makoto's age, she couldn't be more different: Erio chooses to wrap herself in a futon all day rather than to go to school. She even claims to be an alien, and with a speech pattern and personality to back it up, any chance of Makoto's dreamt-of normal life is instantly tossed out the window. As he meets a string of other eccentric girls in town, Makoto must face the possibility of seeing his youth points in the red. However, he might be surprised by how thrilling an abnormal youth can be. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special unaired episode included in the 7th DVD/Blu-ray volume. Second season of Mitsudomoe. Graduation looms for the founding members of the Light Music Club. With only a few precious weeks of school left, the girls decide to make the most of it and plan a trip abroad. Hawaii, New York, Dubai—many destinations are suggested, but after a little help from the club's precious pet turtle, Ton-chan, London is chosen as the host of their next misadventure! Yui Hirasawa, Mio Akiyama, Tsumugi Kotobuki, Ritsu Tainaka, and Azusa Nakano will visit famous landmarks, perform live music for Londoners, and eat all sorts of delicious food, all while stumbling clumsily from place to place. But the fun won't last forever, as heartfelt songs and goodbyes will be made as their high school days together come to a close. One thing is for certain though: the undeniable friendships these girls have formed is something that will carry on long after the final scene rolls. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The continuation of the first season. Sawako Kuronuma and her friends have just begun their second year of high school and they are in the same class together again. To make matters more interesting a male student newly transferred into their class is seated right next to Kuronuma and has taken an interest in her. What hurdles will Sawako and Kazehaya face next? Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. A special episode of K-ON!! released in the ninth volume of Blu-ray and DVD. The girls plan a trip abroad and go to the passport office to apply for passports. Short episodes included in Blu-ray and DVD release, adapting the side story "Kuragehime Heroes☆", a spin-off manga serialized in Kiss Plus magazine. Supporting characters are featured in short chapters. OVA bundled with the special edition of manga volume 3. Morita Mayu is a high school girl. She is extremely reticent and her silence and habit of looking at people's eyes straightly sometimes cause misunderstanding. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether. Despite this, she lives a happy school life with her classmates. Tooru and Run have been best friends forever, so when Tooru learns that she's managed to get into the same high school as Run, she runs to tell her... only to find Run in a compromising position with yet another girl, Yuko. Needless to say, that makes things a bit awkward at school, with Tooru fending off those who might be interested in Run while Yuko and their other girlfriend, Nagi, have to deal with Run's own penchant for drama. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Koyama Yuzu is running an antique shop. Mayu, a cat god (nekogami), is living off Yuzu and leads an idle life playing games. Lots of other gods visit Mayu and enjoy merrymaking. (Source: ANN) The story takes place in the second half of the 19th century, as Japanese culture gains popularity in the West. A young Japanese girl, Yune, accompanies a French traveler, Oscar, on his journey back to France, and offers to help at the family's ironwork shop in Paris. Oscar's nephew and shop-owner Claude reluctantly accepts to take care of Yune, and we learn how those two, who have so little in common, get to understand each other and live together in the Paris of the 1800s. Jinta Yadomi is peacefully living as a recluse, spending his days away from school and playing video games at home instead. One hot summer day, his childhood friend, Meiko "Menma" Honma, appears and pesters him to grant a forgotten wish. He pays her no mind, which annoys her, but he doesn't really care. After all, Menma already died years ago. At first, Jinta thinks that he is merely hallucinating due to the summer heat, but he is later on convinced that what he sees truly is the ghost of Menma. Jinta and his group of childhood friends grew apart after her untimely death, but they are drawn together once more as they try to lay Menma's spirit to rest. Re-living their pain and guilt, will they be able to find the strength to help not only Menma move on—but themselves as well? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy. (Source: AniDB) Chihaya Ayase, a strong-willed and tomboyish girl, grows up under the shadow of her older sister. With no dreams of her own, she is contented with her share in life till she meets Arata Wataya. The quiet transfer student in her elementary class introduces her to competitive karuta, a physically and mentally demanding card game inspired by the classic Japanese anthology of Hundred Poets. Captivated by Arata's passion for the game and inspired by the possibility of becoming the best in Japan, Chihaya quickly falls in love with the world of karuta. Along with the prodigy Arata and her haughty but hard-working friend Taichi Mashima, she joins the local Shiranami Society. The trio spends their idyllic childhood days playing together, until circumstances split them up. Now in high school, Chihaya has grown into a karuta freak. She aims to establish the Municipal Mizusawa High Competitive Karuta Club, setting her sights on the national championship at Omi Jingu. Reunited with the now indifferent Taichi, Chihaya's dream of establishing a karuta team is only one step away from becoming true: she must bring together members with a passion for the game that matches her own. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Achiga Girls' Academy in Nara once defeated regional mahjong powerhouse Bansei High School. It advanced into the national team semifinals but lost to the eventual champion, and the mahjong club was later disbanded. Six years later, elementary school student Shizuno Takakamo befriends transfer student Nodoka Haramura. The two eventually enter Achiga Girls', but Nodoka transfers out of the school in the second year. When Shizuno sees Nodoka on television the following year as the national middle school individual mahjong champion, she decides to revive Achiga's mahjong club. Segawa Yuta is a freshman of a university. He lost his parents when he was small and was raised by his sister Yuri. Yuta has been living alone since Yuri got married to a middle aged man when Yuta was a junior high student. One day, Yuri visited Yuta's apartment and asked him to take care of her three daughters while Yuri and her husband were on a trip. He unwillingly accepted the job but the plane Yuri took went missing. In order to prevent the daughters from being adopted separately by relatives, Yuta decided to take in all three girls. A life of a strange family in a tiny apartment begins. A continuation of Amagami SS, showing what happens after each girl's respective arc. What if Tsukasa were to run for student council president...? Studying at the Yamabuki Arts High School has been a dream-come-true for Yuno, and she's learned so much already! And not just from her instructors, but from her friends and neighbors who've become her second family and made the Hidamari Apartments such a safe and nurturing home. But as the day of her "big sisters" Sae and Hiro's graduation draws slowly closer, it's time for Yuno to start seriously taking on the same role for Nazuna, Nori and the other budding young artists who've entered Hidemari's protective cocoon. And it's also time to tackle some really challenging artistic assignments. That doesn't mean there won't still be time for fun with Miyako and all the others, but it's definitely time to pencil in her plans for the future. And sometimes that means you have to put the art before the course! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) On the first day of junior high school, Mato Kuroi happens to run into Yomi Takanashi, a shy, withdrawn girl whom she immediately takes an interest in. Mato tries her best to make conversation with Yomi, wanting to befriend her. At first, she is avoided, but the ice breaks when Yomi happens to notice a decorative blue bird attached to Mato's phone, which is from the book "Li'l Birds At Play." Discovering they have a common interest, the two form a strong friendship. In an alternate universe, the young girls exist as parallel beings, Mato as Black★Rock Shooter, and Yomi as Dead Master. Somehow, what happens in one world seems to have an effect on the other, and unaware of this fact, the girls unknowingly become entangled by the threads of fate. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Following the everyday lives of four high school girls: the flighty Run, the reckless Tooru, the timid Yuuko, and the level-headed Nagi. Mountain of Pancakes Kitou-sensei injures her hand during class and has to deal with it while Tooru brings cat Tansan to school with her to meet Yutaka and Miho. Later, the girls decide to get pancakes at a café where Miho happens to be working, facing trouble when Yutaka shows up out of the blue. A Picture of a Wish Yuuko catches a cold so the others pay her a visit and help look after her. Later, the girls get together for the New Year's shrine visit. (Source: Wikipedia) While testing out his camera on a bridge one summer night, Kaito Kirishima sees a blue light streaking across the sky, only to be blown off the railing seconds later. Just before succumbing to unconsciousness, a hand reaches down to grab ahold of his own. Dazed and confused, Kaito wakes up the next morning wondering how he ended up back in his own room with no apparent injuries or any recollection of the night before. As he proceeds with his normal school life, Kaito and his friends discuss what to do with his camera, finally deciding to make a film with it over their upcoming summer break. Noticing that Kaito has an interest in the new upperclassmen Ichika Takatsuki, his friend Tetsurou Ishigaki decides to invite her, as well as her friend Remon Yamano, to join them in their movie project. In what becomes one of the most entertaining and exciting summers of their lives, Kaito and his friends find that their time spent together is not just about creating a film, but something much more meaningful that will force them to confront their true feelings and each other. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy who is 180 centimeters tall. Since he has a grown-up looking build but acts his age, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall. Even though she has a childish looking build, Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi. Takashi Natsume, the timid youkai expert and master of the Book of Friends, continues his journey towards self-understanding and acceptance with the help of friends both new and old. His most important ally is still his gluttonous and sake-loving bodyguard, the arrogant but fiercely protective wolf spirit Madara—or Nyanko-sensei, as Madara is called when in his usual disguise of an unassuming, pudgy cat. Natsume, while briefly separated from Nyanko-sensei, is ambushed and kidnapped by a strange group of masked, monkey-like youkai, who have spirited him away to their forest as they desperately search for the Book of Friends. Realizing that his "servant" has been taken out from right under his nose, Nyanko-sensei enlists the help of Natsume's youkai friends and mounts a rescue operation. However, the forest of the monkey spirits holds many dangerous enemies, including the Matoba Clan, Natsume's old nemesis. Stretching from the formidable hideout of the Matoba to Natsume's own childhood home, Natsume Yuujinchou Shi is a sweeping but familiar return to a world of danger and friendship, where Natsume will finally confront the demons of his own past. [Written by MAL Rewrite] "No matter how many years go by, I'm sure we'll still be laughing together." Twins Yuta and Yuki, Kaname, and Shun have been childhood friends since kindergarten. When transfer student Chizuru joins them, their five man school life becomes all the more lively. Through the changing seasons, the boys will find laughter, surprises, love, and new encounters waiting for them. The second season of the boys growing a little every day of their invaluable daily lives is about to begin! (Source: Crunchyroll) Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes. Roaming the halls of the all-boys Sanada North High School are three close comrades: the eccentric ringleader with a hyperactive imagination Hidenori, the passionate Yoshitake, and the rational and prudent Tadakuni. Their lives are filled with giant robots, true love, and intense drama... in their colorful imaginations, at least. In reality, they are just an everyday trio of ordinary guys trying to pass the time, but who said everyday life couldn't be interesting? Whether it's an intricate RPG reenactment or an unexpected romantic encounter on the riverbank at sunset, Danshi Koukousei no Nichijou is rife with bizarre yet hilariously relatable situations that are anything but mundane. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When five students at Yamaboshi Academy realize that there are no clubs where they fit in, they band together to form the Student Cultural Society, or "StuCS" for short. The club consists of: Taichi Yaegashi, a hardcore wrestling fan; Iori Nagase, an indecisive optimist; Himeko Inaba, a calm computer genius; Yui Kiriyama, a petite karate practitioner; and Yoshifumi Aoki, the class clown. One day, Aoki and Yui experience a strange incident when, without warning, they switch bodies for a short period of time. As this supernatural phenomenon continues to occur randomly amongst the five friends, they begin to realize that it is not just fun and games. Now forced to become closer than ever, they soon discover each other's hidden secrets and emotional scars, which could end up tearing the StuCS and their friendship apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Moe Sato is a young lady who finds a cat and starts taking care of him. Named Poyo due to his round shape, he quickly becomes a dear member of the Sato family. (Source: ANN) Yuka, Rinko, Saki, and Natsumi are childhood friends and classmates nearing the end of their second year of middle school and eagerly awaiting their summer break. Unfortunately, it's a bittersweet time for this close-knit group, as Saki is transferring to another school. The girls are determined to keep the spirit of their friendship alive, even if only for this summer. They reminisce about a large stone the four of them used to visit, tucked away in an old Shinto shrine, and the belief that if four friends gathered around it and made a single wish, it would come true. Now, much to their surprise, they discover that old folktale is true. Natsu-iro Kiseki follows the magical events the girls go through during this last summer they’ll all spend together. As friendships get tested, and fantasies are fulfilled, the four classmates will end up learning a great deal about themselves and each other on the path to forging a summer that they’ll never forget. Yurume, an 18-year-old "ronin" and recent high school graduate, has high hopes of being accepted and attending Tokyo University. She moves into an apartment complex, the Maison du Wish, located on the outskirts of Tokyo where other ronins living there are studying for upcoming college acceptance exams. Energy-conservative high school student Houtarou Oreki ends up with more than he bargained for when he signs up for the Classics Club at his sister's behest—especially when he realizes how deep-rooted the club's history really is. Begrudgingly, Oreki is dragged into an investigation concerning the 45-year-old mystery that surrounds the club room. Accompanied by his fellow club members, the knowledgeable Satoshi Fukube, the stern but benign Mayaka Ibara, and the ever-curious Eru Chitanda, Oreki must combat deadlines and lack of information with resourcefulness and hidden talent, in order to not only find the truth buried beneath the dust of works created years before them, but of other small side cases as well. Based on the award-winning Koten-bu light novel series, and directed by Yasuhiro Takemoto of Suzumiya Haruhi no Shoushitsu , Hyouka shows that normal life can be full of small mysteries, be it family history, a student film, or even the withered flowers that make up a ghost story. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tsumiki Miniwa, a small girl who packs a punch, is in love with her best friend, tall and easygoing Io Otonashi. The only problem is that she can't bring herself to come out and say it. And, despite the fact that he can otherwise read her like a book, Io doesn't seem to be able to pick up the obvious clues—even with all of their friends teasing that there's no one better suited for each other. Acchi Kocchi follows Tsumiki and her circle of friends as they go through their day-to-day lives. Between Mayoi the electronics nerd, Sakaki the good-natured prankster, and the nosebleed-prone Hime, Tsumiki's friends will never let her live down her crush. But only time will tell if Tsumiki will gain the courage to finally say how she truly feels. Hana, a hard-working college student, falls in love with a mysterious man who attends one of her classes though he is not an actual student. As it turns out, he is not truly human either. On a full moon night, he transforms, revealing that he is the last werewolf alive. Despite this, Hana's love remains strong, and the two ultimately decide to start a family. Hana gives birth to two healthy children—Ame, born during rainfall, and Yuki, born during snowfall—both possessing the ability to turn into wolves, a trait inherited from their father. All too soon, however, the sudden death of her lover devastates Hana's life, leaving her to raise a peculiar family completely on her own. The stress of raising her wild-natured children in a densely populated city, all while keeping their identity a secret, culminates in a decision to move to the countryside, where she hopes Ame and Yuki can live a life free from the judgments of society. Wolf Children is the heartwarming story about the challenges of being a single mother in an unforgiving modern world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Akari and her friends from the Amusement Club are back for another round of antics! In the second season of Yuru Yuri , the Amusement Club consisting of the polite but often times invisible Akari, her cool headed best friend Yui, the original founder of the club Kyouko, and Chinatsu, who actually wanted to join the Tea Ceremony Club, starts things off with a relaxing trip to a hot spring. From there the girls will have to return to real life and deal with things like studying, coming up with nicknames for each other, Valentine's Day, summer heat, time travel, a school trip to Kyoto, a stage performance during the school's culture festival and much, much more. Who says that after school clubs have to be boring and mundane? On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode included in the fifth Blu-ray and fourth DVD volume. An adaptation of a manga written by the author of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei about group of girls who discuss random things and usually reach an unusual or humorous conclusion that's far from the initial discussion topic. Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects. Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Three years after the events of "Pretty Rhythm: Aurora Dream," Aira, Mion, and Rizumu have grown up and tutor a new group of aspiring idols: Karin, Reina, Mia, and Ayami, who form the Prizmmy☆. Teenage girls from Korea, named Somin, Shiyoon, Haein, Chaekyung, and Jae Eun (who are the PURETTY), appear as a rival group. Yuki Sanada is a socially awkward young man who lives with his grandmother. Due to her job, they must move around a lot. This means Yuki has difficulty forming lasting relationships with his peers, or relationships at all, for that matter. His fear of social interaction is so great that when asked to make a greeting or parting speech in his classes, Yuki often freezes. As if drowning, he blacks out from the present, only able to focus on his certain ridicule. However, Yuki's life changes forever when he moves to Enoshima and meets an odd boy named Haru—who claims to be an alien. Haru wields a questionable water gun and fish bowl, and has a tendency to speak with the beta fish inside it. He immediately latches onto Yuki as a friend, completely disregarding any complaints Yuki might have about this. Haru is like a force of nature, unheeding of other people's resistance to his antics. Together, Haru and Yuki also snowball a fellow classmate and fisherman named Natsuki Usami into Haru’s schemes. What out-of-this-world adventures lie ahead for this unique bunch? Find out in Tsuritama ! The original gag comedy manga follows the humorous yet "realistic" everyday life of Tadakuni, Hidenori, Yoshitake, and other students at a boys' high school. This entry refers to the unaired episodes released on the DVDs and BDs. The pre-air specials were all included in the TV series and are not listed separately on MAL. Episode 1: High School Boys and Ideals Episode 2: High School Boys and Loneliness Episode 3: High School Boys and Zippers Episode 4: High School Boys and Tricks Episode 5: High School Boys and Hiccups Episode 6: High School Boys and Consideration Unaired episodes of the "Morita-san wa Mukuchi" TV series bundled with the 5th manga volume. Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) Puka Puka Juju is one of the four anime works that each received 38 million yen (about US$470,000) from the "2011 Young Animator Training Project." Just like in 2010, the animation labor group received 214.5 million yen (US$2.65 million) from the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs, and it distributed most of those funds to studios who train young animators on-the-job. The fairy tale follows a young man named Guskou in the Tohoku forests of northeastern Japan in the 1920s. After an onslaught of droughts and natural disasters, Guskou is forced to leave his home and search for a better life elsewhere. Guskou joins a group of scientists at the Ihatov Volcano Department, which deals with the same natural disasters that drove Guskou from his home. (Source: ANN) Original anime DVD bundled with the 12th, 14th, and 17th volumes of the manga. A slice of life of high school girls in the early summer. Shiozaki Haruno is a 17-year-old girl who loves her motor cycle, HONDA's Giorno. She lives in remote highlands and longs for a vivid life in a city. Encounters with people staying at Haruno's parents' boardinghouse encourage her to step forward to her dream. At Shirahamazaka High School, a special recital is held every year in which music students are able to showcase their talents in front of professionals and other prestigious guests. A third year, Konatsu Miyamoto desperately wants to sing in her last high school recital, but because she screwed up the year before, the vice principal has barred her from participating. That's when Konatsu comes up with a new plan to get involved; instead of joining the official choir, she'll form her own singing club with her friends! Unfortunately this proves to be harder than she imagined. Her friend Wakana Sakai, has given up on singing, for one, and Konatsu needed more than just two members. With only a month left until the recital, will Konatsu be able to find enough members for her club and actually be ready to sing at one of the most important events of the school year and graduate without regrets? Second season. A collaborative effort between the Japanese automaker and Japanese anime company Studio 4°C, PES: Peace Eco Smile is a new web promotional anime series that centers around PES, a traveller from space, and NaSuBi, a mysterious life-form who is enamored by the charm of Earth. The car of choice for these strangers in a new world? The Prius, particularly the Prius Liftback and Prius C hatchback. These two hybrids seem to be as much a part of this series as the two main characters are. A Lexus LFA (likely the ride of the antagonist) and the Toyota Camry hybrid also have a role to play. Each anime short in the campaign will be three to four minutes long and will be posted on Toyota's specially-dedicated website. (Source: Auto Tribute) Episode 11.5, an OVA bundled with the third volume of the manga. Oreki Houtarou gets a job at a swimming pool. Commercial for Tokyo Disney Resort, owned and operated by the Oriental Land Company (OLC), in celebration of its 30th anniversary on April 15, 2013. Created for Saitama Prefecture, the series' 7-minute episodes will promote tourist locations in the Prefecture. Every episode will include a five-minute story segment that will showcase the prefecture in spring, summer, fall, or winter. Following each story, a two-minute explanation segment will include instructions on how to travel to featured areas from Tokyo by train. Episodes will include the love story "Sakura no Omoide," the gag comedy story "Saitama Koukou Housou-bu ~Natsu no Kankou Annai~," the fantasy story "Yuusha Higan to Hime-sama no Bouken," and the family story "Winter sweet home." The anime's four episodes will be available in Japanese with subtitles in Japanese, English, Chinese (traditional and simplifed), Korean, and French. Eight people living or working in Saitama were selected from 223 applicants to voice act in the series. (Source: ANN) A short called "Furiko" (or "Pendulum"), that was featured on Japanese variety show. The anime was drawn by the Japanese comedian Tekken (鉄拳), who named himself after the fighting game. The short was later adapted into the official music video for the song used in the short, "Exogenesis Part 3 (Redemption)" by Muse, and was extended to meet the full length of the song. (Source: AniDB) The city of Edo, the 18th century. Owaka, the daughter of a merchant family, and her childhood friend Matsukichi. The two were drawn to each other, but Matsukichi has been disowned by his family, and is working for the city fire brigade. Meanwhile, negotiations begin for the arrangement of Owaka's marriage. Unable to let go of her thoughts of Matsukichi, her mad emotions make her bring about a massive inferno which razes Edo. By chance encounter, the two meet again amidst the fires. It is an epic spectacle set against the stage of the massive metropolis of Edo. (Source: Short Peace Site) As a child, Riki Naoe shut himself from the world, thanks to a diagnosis of narcolepsy following the tragic deaths of his parents. However, Riki is saved when, one fateful day, a boy named Kyousuke recruits him into a team who call themselves the Little Busters. Accompanied by Masato, Kengo, and Rin, these misfits spend their childhood fighting evil and enjoying their youth. Years pass, and even in high school, the well-knit teammates remain together. Kyousuke decides to re-ignite the Little Busters by forming a baseball team as it will be his last school year with them. They have a problem though: there aren't enough members! The tables have turned, for it is now Riki's turn to reach out and recruit new friends into the Little Busters, just like Kyousuke had once done for him. Then, an omen surfaces—Rin finds a strange letter attached to her cat, assigning them the duty of uncovering the "secret of this world" by completing specific tasks. Just what is this secret, and why is it being hidden? It's up to the Little Busters to find out! [Written by MAL Rewrite] As Yoko has her assistant scour the seabed in search of something, Madoka, unable to pilot Midori properly again, returns to Kamogawa to see the New Year in. Upon returning home, Madoka receives New Year's letters from Lan and Muginami, updating her about what's going on in their lives, to which Madoka makes a prompt reply. As the months pass by and Madoka moves up a year in school, Lan and Muginami visit an intergalactic replica of Kamogawa on the tourist planet Polyhedron. Takes place between seasons 1 and 2. (Source: Wikipedia) When abandoned kittens and his good conscience force second year Sorata Kanda to move into Suimei High School’s infamous Sakura Hall, the satellite dorm and its eccentric, misfit residents turn his life upside down. The decidedly average Sorata finds it difficult to fit in with the bizarre collection of dorm residents like Misaki, an energetic animator; Jin, a playwright playboy; Ryuunosuke, a reclusive programmer; and Chihiro, the dorm manager, art teacher, and party girl. Sorata's friend Nanami, a second year student and aspiring voice actress, pushes him to find new owners for the many cats so that he can quickly move back into the regular dorms. However, his desire to escape Sakura Hall wavers when the pet-like and infantile second year Mashiro Shiina, a world-class artistic savant looking to become a mangaka, transfers in during the spring trimester and quickly latches onto him. Supported by each other's quirks, Sorata and Mashiro come out of their shells and trigger change in the lives of those around them. Based on the light novel series of the same name, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo explores the fine threads connecting talent, hard work, romance, and friendship with its ensemble cast. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An actual movie of the Kamiusagi Rope series, featuring Rope and Akira, as they experience a thrilling adventure in their downtown. A special episode made for the Kamiusagi Rope Movie premiere. It features paper squirrel Akira's older sister, who has trouble with choosing which earrings to wear for her date. A collaborative advertisement between Kamiusagi Rope and au (a Japanese mobile phone company), where Rope and Akira interact with modern cellular technology. A collaborative advertisement video between Kamiusagi Rope and Panasonic, where Rope and Akira interact with Panasonic's new surround headphones. Three ONA specials of Kamiusagi Rope . Feng Shui: Rope and Akira run into their friend's mother. Valentine Day-hen: Rope and Akira receive chocolate from their neighbor. Undou Shinkei: Akira and Rope tries flying a kite, although it ends up stuck in a tree. Shizuku Mizutani is apathetic towards her classmates, only caring about her grades. However, her cold view of life begins to change when she meets Haru Yoshida, a violent troublemaker who stopped attending class after getting into a fight early in the school year. He is not much different from her, though—he too understands little about human nature and does not have any friends. Much to Shizuku's surprise, he proclaims that she will be his friend and immediately confesses his feelings towards her upon meeting her. Because of her lack of friends and social interaction, Shizuku has a hard time understanding her relationship with Haru. But slowly, their friendship begins to progress, and she discovers that there is more to Haru than violence. She begins to  develop feelings for him, but is unsure what kind of emotions she is experiencing. Together, Shizuku and Haru explore the true nature of their relationship and emotions. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The slice-of-life battle story is set in a future that has neither World War III nor an alien invasion—just an ordinary future set after our current age. In this world, robots are part of everyday life, and they contribute in various aspects of society. "Shinki" are 15-centimeter-tall (about 6-inch-tall) cute partners made to assist humans. Equipped with intelligence and emotions, they devote themselves to serving their "Masters." These Shinki can even be equipped with weapons and armor to fight each other. Such Shinki are named "Busou Shinki" (literally, "armed divine princesses"). In particular, the Shinki Ann (Arnval), Aines (Altines), and Lene (Altlene) serve a high school freshman named Masato. Things change when a new Shinki, the bellicose Strarf, joins them. (Source: ANN) Chitose is an 11-year-old girl who is madly in love with an older guy named Hiroshi. He works at the town hall right next to the school and Chitose spends every day relentlessly pursuing him. Can Chitose ever convince Hiroshi to go out with her? Minami-ke OVA bundled with the 10th volume of the manga. Unaired episodes bundled with the special edition of volume 4 of the original manga. The continuation of Yurumates 3D right after the first season. Everybody has had that stage in their life where they have thought themselves to be special, different from the masses of ordinary humans. They might go as far as seeing themselves capable of wielding mystical powers, or maybe even believe themselves to have descended from a fantasy realm. This "disease" is known as "chuunibyou" and is often the source of some of the most embarrassing moments of a person's life. For Yuuta Togashi, the scars that his chuunibyou has left behind are still fresh. Having posed as the "Dark Flame Master" during his middle school years, he looks back at those times with extreme embarrassment, so much so that he decides to attend a high school far away where nobody will recognize him. Putting his dark history behind him, he longs to live a normal high school life. Unfortunately, he hasn't escaped his past yet: enter Rikka Takanashi, Yuuta's new classmate and self-declared vessel of the "Wicked Eye." As this eccentric young girl crashes into Yuuta's life, his dream of an ordinary, chuunibyou-free life quickly crumbles away. In this hilarious and heartwarming story of a boy who just wants to leave his embarrassing memories behind, the delusions of old are far from a thing of the past. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An original anime DVD bundled with a limited edition of saxyun's 4th Yurumates manga volume. The bundled DVD contained the opening animation sequence for the television anime series and its first episode, as well as two unaired episodes. The limited edition also included an exclusive booklet. (Source: ANN) An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu! . [Written by MAL Rewrite] Daru, a cherished handmade stuffed toy, gets lost and separated from its owner one day when at the airport. Determined to find her again, Daru sets out on a journey around the world in search of her. As time passes, the girl begins to forget about Daru. Will Daru be able to find and see his beloved owner again? (Source: Crunchyroll) Lovely, but with a dark heart. The hand-to-mouth life of a strange yellow and black creature named "Wooser". Lovely but with a dark heart, the new hero (?) from the depths of the internet is appearing on TV and Nico Nico Video! "My favorite things are meat and money and girls," he says, but what are his cute, round eyes staring at? (* Probably meat, money, or girls) The strange hand-to-mouth life of this strange creature is now being animated by Sanzigen, famous for their 3D CG animations! Do note that the dot in the middle is supposedly a mouth, not a nose. (Source: Crunchyroll) A seven minute epilogue to the TV series, released as an OVA. The story revolves around Yukami Makoto, a high school boy whose hobby is visiting hot springs. His 100th hot spring visit is at Miyama-kan, an inn run by four poster girls: Tokura, Akino, Tsutsuji and Mitomo. There, Makoto spies Yuri, a goddess of the hot springs, and unexpectedly usurps her powers. Makoto ends up working at the inn. (Source: ANN) Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders of Christianity and Buddhism, are living together as roommates in a Tokyo apartment while taking a vacation on Earth. The comedy often involves jokes about Christianity, Buddhism, and all things related, as well as the main characters' attempts to hide their identities and understand modern society in Japan. Episode 0 of the anime adaptation of Puchimas! -Petit iDOLM@STER- manga, bundled with the December 2012 issue of Dengeki Maou magazine. (Source: ANN) A short anime series that describes the everyday life of Ao and other Eureka Seven Ao characters. The final four episodes of Kokoro Connect. Episode 13 of Acchi Kocchi that was included in Vol.6. A high school girl, while pondering her future, sees it flash before her eyes. Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, this time featuring scenes from older times. Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise. The anime's original story features Mutta and Hibito during one summer when they were children. During the summer when Mutta and Hibito made their promise to go to space, they met a young girl who also had a wish. (Source: ANN)  A short story about a mountain guide dog Heiji. Short picture episodes with Risa and Miya from "Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo" visual novel series. Specials included on the DVD release of Peeping Life: The Perfect Explosion that focus on Otaku-kun talking about "Celebrating Universal's 100th Anniversary", Otaku-kun talking about "50 Years of Tatsunoku Productions", and Otaku-kun interacting with a kigurumi in "Madeleine and the Pocket Tissues" that's reminiscent of the PreCure kigurumi performers. Recap of Hidamari Sketch x ☆☆☆ series included on the limited edition Blu-Ray "Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x Honeycomb". Chronologically the 10th, 12th, 13th, and 16th eps that were never shown in theaters. They were released on DVD before and were shown on TV 3 years after the main 2nd season aired in theaters. Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters. Another AU Collaboration this time taking place at the end of the 4th season. These were included on the DVD release of season as well. An original anime DVD bundled with a limited edition of saxyun's 4th Yurumates manga volume. The bundled DVD contained the opening animation sequence for the television anime series and its first episode, as well as two unaired episodes. The limited edition also included an exclusive booklet. (Source: ANN)  A father works hard for the family. Due to being overweight and not fitting on the couch with his wife and daughter he sets out to lose weight. Commercials for Best Care Group, a facility that provides elderly entertainment assistance in Japan. Yuuta was 12-year-old boy, who had lost his father in the traffic accident one year ago. In the summer vacation, he visited a deserted dam deep in the mountains, where he had a good time with his father before. Suddenly a thunder storm occurred and he slipped on the ground. He lost consciousness and woke up to find a girl and an unfamiliar village. He time-traveled 30 years and reached a village, which sank at the bottom of the dam. This is Yuuta's precious memory of "another" summer vacation. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects. Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kirino is back from her trip to America, but the fun doesn't stop here! In the second season of Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai , Kyousuke continues to give Kirino life consultations. This time, romance lurks on the horizon for both siblings... When abandoned kittens and his good conscience force second year Sorata Kanda to move into Suimei High School’s infamous Sakura Hall, the satellite dorm and its eccentric, misfit residents turn his life upside down. The decidedly average Sorata finds it difficult to fit in with the bizarre collection of dorm residents like Misaki, an energetic animator; Jin, a playwright playboy; Ryuunosuke, a reclusive programmer; and Chihiro, the dorm manager, art teacher, and party girl. Sorata's friend Nanami, a second year student and aspiring voice actress, pushes him to find new owners for the many cats so that he can quickly move back into the regular dorms. However, his desire to escape Sakura Hall wavers when the pet-like and infantile second year Mashiro Shiina, a world-class artistic savant looking to become a mangaka, transfers in during the spring trimester and quickly latches onto him. Supported by each other's quirks, Sorata and Mashiro come out of their shells and trigger change in the lives of those around them. Based on the light novel series of the same name, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo explores the fine threads connecting talent, hard work, romance, and friendship with its ensemble cast. [Written by MAL Rewrite] "We're going to launch a manga magazine!" A team of girls with zero experience in manga editing are off and running toward their dream of creating the biggest manga magazine in Japan! They seem to do nothing but run into problems and failures... But still they're working hard every day! (Source: Crunchyroll) Ohana has grown accustomed to living in the hot springs inn her grandmother manages, Kissuisou. One day, the daughter of a manager for Kissuisou's rival inn, Yuina, comes to Kissuisou for training to become a landlady herself. As Ohana is observing her training, she finds "a certain item" in the storeroom while cleaning. (Source: ultimatemegax) Aoi prefers indoor hobbies and is afraid of heights, but her childhood friend Hinata loves to show off her passion for mountain climbing. As young children they once watched the sunrise from the top of a mountain, and now they've decided to take up mountain climbing in hopes of seeing that sunrise again. They have cooking battles with mountaineering gear, climb small hills in their neighborhood, and meet new mountaineering friends as they learn the ropes of the hobby. When will they finally see that sunrise again? (Source: Crunchyroll) Chihaya Ayase is obsessed with developing her school's competitive karuta club, nursing daunting ambitions like winning the national team championship at the Omi Jingu and becoming the Queen, the best female karuta player in Japan—and in extension, the world. As their second year of high school rolls around, Chihaya and her fellow teammates must recruit new members, train their minds and bodies alike, and battle the formidable opponents that stand in their way to the championship title. Meanwhile, Chihaya's childhood friend, Arata Wataya, the prodigy who introduced her to karuta, rediscovers his lost love for the old card game. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The everyday lives of the Minami sisters continue. Chiaki, the youngest, continues to call people idiots while worshipping her eldest sister. Kana, the middle, still can't figure out that Fujioka's feelings for her are a crush, not a grudge. Haruka, the eldest, still unknowingly avoids Hosaka's advances to invite her to the volleyball team, and after a long day of excitement, the sisters enjoy sitting at the table at their home. (Source: ANN) Shinomiya Kyouya is forced to become a new member of the GJ, an unidentified club that dwells in a room of the former building of a certain school. Here he meets the club leader, Mao, a short girl with a big attitude; Mao's younger sister, Megumi, who has the heart of a bipolar angel; the recognized genius with a lack of common sense, Shion; and the always-hungry and mysterious Kirara. Time flies with these unique girls around. The Neighbor's Club—a club founded for the purpose of making friends, where misfortunate boys and girls with few friends live out their regrettable lives. Although Yozora Mikazuki faced a certain incident at the end of summer, the daily life of the Neighbor's Club goes on as usual. A strange nun, members of the student council and other new faces make an appearance, causing Kodaka Hasegawa's life to grow even busier. While they all enjoy going to the amusement park, playing games, celebrating birthdays, and challenging the "school festival"—a symbol of the school life normal people live—the relations amongst the members slowly begins to change... Let the next stage begin, on this unfortunate coming-of-age love comedy!! (Source: ANN) The TV series is retold through the different main characters' points of view with new additional material from their childhood, during the original series, and one year after the conclusion of the series. Otonokizaka High School is in a crisis! With the number of enrolling students dropping lower and lower every year, the school is set to shut down after its current first years graduate. However, second year Honoka Kousaka refuses to let it go without a fight. Searching for a solution, she comes across popular school idol group A-RISE and sets out to create a school idol group of her own. With the help of her childhood friends Umi Sonoda and Kotori Minami, Honoka forms μ's (pronounced "muse") to boost awareness and popularity of her school. Unfortunately, it's all easier said than done. Student council president Eli Ayase vehemently opposes the establishment of a school idol group and will do anything in her power to prevent its creation. Moreover, Honoka and her friends have trouble attracting any additional members. But the Love Live, a competition to determine the best and most beloved school idol groups in Japan, can help them gain the attention they desperately need. With the contest fast approaching, Honoka must act quickly and diligently to try and bring together a school idol group and win the Love Live in order to save Otonokizaka High School. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu! . [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVA episode bundled with fifth volume of manga. From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. One day, 765 Pro idols Ami and Mami bring in the mysterious Petit-dols "Afuu" and "Yukipo"!? More and more Petit-dols gather at the offices where everyone works. Leisurely enjoy their daily lives full of laughs and happenings. The second season of Tamayura: Hitotose. What if Jesus and Buddha were living on Earth in modern times? What if they shared an apartment in Japan? Saint Young Men is a humorous manga about the daily lives of Jesus and Buddha, with each chapter focusing on some element of modern life, such as Disneyland, rush hour on the train, Christmas, the public pool, carnivals, and more. (Source: Mangafox) The story follows the school life of the three girls, Yuzuko, Yukari, and Yui, who join their high school's Data Processing Club. The odd friendship between the three make for wacky humor in even the most mundane of events. The final 4 episodes of Saki: Achiga-hen - Episode of Side-A. The anime adaptation of the four-panel manga "Ai Mai Mii". The story follows girls in a manga club—Ai, Mai, Mii, and Ponoka-senpai—who might be fighting evil invaders threatening Earth, facing off against rivals in tournaments, and dealing with other absurd situations when they are not drawing manga. (Source: ANN) Unaired anime bundled with the limited edition of the 9th volume of the manga. Inside the Usagiyama Shopping District lies an eccentric but close-knit community of business owners. Tamako Kitashirakawa, a clumsy though adorable teenage girl, belongs to a family of mochi bakers who own a quaint shop called Tama-ya. One day, Tamako stumbles upon a talking bird that presents himself as royalty from a distant land. Dera Mochimazzi, as he calls himself, states that he’s seeking a bride for his country’s prince. Intent on his mission, Dera follows Tamako home and develops an addiction to mochi, becoming painfully overweight and subsequently unable to fly back to his homeland; thus, he takes up residence with Tamako's family and becomes the community’s beloved mascot. Meanwhile, Tamako's friend, Mochizou Ooji, continues to hide his true feelings for her. Their fathers are fierce mochi rivals, but will it be enough to drive a wedge between Tamako and Mochizou? And just what will happen to Dera's task of finding his prince’s destined bride? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shinobu Oomiya once left Japan to participate in a homestay in England. During her time there, she became close friends with Alice Cartelet, the daughter of the family she was living with. However, when it was time for Shinobu to return to Japan, the two were able to express their sorrow despite the language barrier between them. Five years later, now a first year student in high school, Shinobu receives a letter by air mail in a language she does not understand. This letter is penned by none other than Alice, detailing her own homestay in Japan. In fact, Alice will be attending Shinobu's high school and living with her! Alongside their friends Youko Inokuma, Aya Komichi, and Karen Kujou, the five girls attend school together and learn about what their different cultures have to offer, day after day. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Episode 13 that was included on the Blu-ray. 15-year-old Tomoko Kuroki is a budding hikikomori—a shut-in who spends her time playing dating sims and watching anime. But even a lifetime of experience wooing virtual boys can't prepare her for the greatest challenge of all: high school. Everyday life is a terrifying journey for Tomoko, fraught with hidden judgments and secret surprises. Her anxiety makes social interaction nigh impossible, but she's determined to figure it out. Will she make friends? Become popular? Maybe even meet a real-life cute guy? Find out in WataMote ! On a rainy morning in Tokyo, Takao Akizuki, an aspiring shoemaker, decides to skip class to sketch designs in a beautiful garden. This is where he meets Yukari Yukino, a beautiful yet mysterious woman, for the very first time. Offering to make her new shoes, Takao continues to meet with Yukari throughout the rainy season, and without even realizing it, the two are able to alleviate the worries hidden in their hearts just by being with each other. However, their personal struggles have not disappeared completely, and as the end of the rainy season approaches, their relationship will be put to the test. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mukoujima Takurou is a lonely teenager who spends his time fishing at the pier and, to his incredible surprise, fishes up Muromi, a mermaid. Muromi first off doesn't realize she's a mermaid until she meets Takurou. Not only that, she is incredibly dense and crazy and has a drinking problem to top it off. Now every time Takurou goes fishing, Muromi appears and makes life interesting for him. (Source: MU) Yuugo Hachiken is studious, hard-working, and tired of trying to live up to expectations he just cannot meet. With the ushering in of a brand new school year, he decides to enrol in Ooezo Agricultural High School, a boarding school located in the Hokkaido countryside, as a means to escape from the stress brought upon by his parents. Initially convinced that he would do well at this institution, Hachiken is quickly proven wrong by his talented classmates, individuals who have been living on farms their entire lives and know just about everything when it comes to food, vegetables, and even the physiology of livestock! Whether it be waking up at five in the morning for strenuous labor or to take care of farm animals, Hachiken is a complete amateur when it comes to the harsh agricultural life. Gin no Saji follows the comedic story of a young student at as he tries to fit into a completely new environment, meeting many unique people along the way. As he struggles to appreciate his surroundings, Hachiken hopes to discover his dreams, so that he may lead a fulfilling life on his own terms. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story centers around Amaya, Iwasawa, and Uehara—three "annoying, spirited high school girls with zero motivation"—and their classmates. Their daily life is "what happens when there is nothing happening." (Source: ANN) The stage is set at near future. Okamura Aya, also known as "Aachan", started to live by herself as she started a new job after graduation. Her mother needed to go overseas to work as a doctor, so now only her father and a cat, Mii-san, live in a Proud apartment. Since Aachan moved out, her father has been trying to reach out to her but somehow there is an awkward gap between the two. And the cat Mii-san, which Aachan has kept since she was a child, is getting old... One night, Aachan came back from a tiring day and threw herself on the bed. She closed her eyes and remembered the happy days she spent with her parents and when Mii-san came to comfort her when she got lonely after her mother left.... And then the phone rang... Naru Ayase is an 8th grader who can see the colors of music when she listens to it. For Naru, who is extremely good at decorating, becoming the owner of a shop like Dear Crown was her dream. One day, she finds out that the manager of a newly-opened shop is recruiting middle school girls who can do Prism Dance, and immediately applies. Naru begins to Prism Dance at the audition, and an aura she's never experienced spreads out in front of her. At that moment, a mysterious girl named Rinne asks her if she can see "rainbow music." (Source: ANN) Unaired 13th Episode of Yama no Susume released with the BD/DVD. Unaired 14th Episode of Mangirl! that was released with the BD/DVD. When Fuuka hit her second year of middle school, puberty kicked in. Now she's really tall and has huge boobs. Due to her hairstyle, her classmates call her "Saipu", after the cyclops. Her affection for her older brother was cute when she was a little girl and said she wanted to marry him. Now it just freaks him out, since she's decided she's adult enough to follow through on her childish promises. (Source: MU) Asahigaoka might look like typical, boring countryside to most; however, no day in this village can ever be considered colorless thanks to five students of varying ages occupying the only class in the only school in town. The youngest student is first grader Renge Miyauchi, who brings an unadulterated wit, curiosity, and her characteristic catchphrase, "Nyanpasu!" Then there are the Koshigaya siblings consisting of the quiet ninth grader and elder brother Suguru, diminutive eighth grader Komari, and the mischievous seventh grader Natsumi, whose appearance may fool you at first thanks to her constantly emulating her more mature older sister. The recent arrival of Tokyo-raised fifth grader Hotaru Ichijou, who appears overdeveloped for her age and thus naturally holds an air of maturity, rounds out this lively and vibrant group of five classmates. Based on the manga penned and illustrated by Atto, Non Non Biyori chronicles the not-so-normal daily lives of this group of friends as they engage in their own brand of fun and frolic, and playfully struggle with the realities of living in a rural area. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A spin-off of Lucky Star. Centers around big sister Hinata Miyakawa and little sister Hikage Miyakawa's impoverished daily life at home (due to Hinata's wasteful habits) and Hikage's life at elementary school. A special unaired episode of Little Busters! sent to those who bought all 9 BD/DVD volumes of the anime. This episode includes the story about "Mask the Saitou." The story follows the daily life of a group of birds, including a duck, an old nihilistic great grey owl, and a gluttonous Caique parrot. (Source: ANN) The anime centers on the graduation of Sae and Hiro. Haruto Kirishima lived a calm life out in the countryside, away from the fast-paced life of the city. Then Yuzuki Eba appeared in his life out of nowhere, having come from Tokyo to briefly live with her family. Their time together left him enamored with the memories of that short period before she just as abruptly disappeared from his life, and left him full of questions. Kimi no Iru Machi begins some time later, after Haruto moves to Tokyo to live with his sister, in order to pursue a career as a cook. In reality though he wishes to be with Yuzuki. Things don't start good though. When he arrives he is mistaken for a burglar and attacked by his sister's neighbour Mishima Asuka. After the misunderstand is cleared his feelings begin to waver though. Is Eba, who keeps avoiding him for seemingly no reason, the one for him or is it Asuka? Bundled with the ninth limited-edition volume of the manga. Limited edition episode included with pre-orders for the 13th and 18th light novel volumes. Kyoto has been populated by groups of tanuki and tengu for years, living alongside humans who are oblivious to the existence of these creatures. Yasaburou Shimogamo is the third son of an influential tanuki family who spends his carefree days taking care of an old tengu, observing humans through his ability to shapeshift, and dealing with the mysterious woman named Benten. Behind the peace and tranquility, however, is a painful memory from long ago as Yasaburou's father, head of the tanuki community, was killed and eaten by a group of humans known as the Friday Fellows. Uchouten Kazoku follows the trials and tribulations of the Shimogamo brothers as they struggle to avoid their own grisly demise while coming ever closer to unraveling the truth behind their father's death. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Third season of Recorder to Randoseru. Imagine if three people suddenly found themselves as civil servants of the city Mitsuba. What sort of personalities and drives would they have to push them to seek out such careers? Lucy Yamagami, a serious young woman assigned to the Welfare Administrative Section, intends to use the job as a means of settling a vendetta against another civil servant. Yutaka Hasebe, a flirtatious young man assigned to the First Section of the Welfare Department, intends to slack off whenever he can and have a good time. And Saya Miyoshi, a college graduate assigned to the Second Section of the Welfare Department, intends to simply get through the first job she's had in her life as best she can. Servant x Service follows these three newcomers starting their jobs as government employees under their supervisor, Taishi Ichimiya, who is utterly clueless about how to direct them—despite having worked there for the last eight years. Nevertheless, he welcomes them as fellow civil servants and encourages them to work themselves like dogs for the sake of the citizens. We follow their day-to-day lives as they experience the rigors of government employment, including dealing with regulations, office romances, paperwork, and being the nearest punching bags when citizens need something to complain about. Mirai Kuriyama is the sole survivor of a clan of Spirit World warriors with the power to employ their blood as weapons. As such, Mirai is tasked with hunting down and killing "youmu"—creatures said to be the manifestation of negative human emotions. One day, while deep in thought on the school roof, Mirai comes across Akihito Kanbara, a rare half-breed of youmu in human form. In a panicked state, she plunges her blood saber into him only to realize that he's an immortal being. From then on, the two form an impromptu friendship that revolves around Mirai constantly trying to kill Akihito, in an effort to boost her own wavering confidence as a Spirit World warrior. Eventually, Akihito also manages to convince her to join the Literary Club, which houses two other powerful Spirit World warriors, Hiroomi and Mitsuki Nase. As the group's bond strengthens, however, so does the tenacity of the youmu around them. Their misadventures will soon turn into a fight for survival as the inevitable release of the most powerful youmu, Beyond the Boundary, approaches. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Riki and his friends have been managing to form a complete team for the Little Busters baseball team and after overcoming some of its new members' internal conflicts, Riki and Rin slowly approach the "secret of this world." Will they be ready for the truth? In this world devoid of logic, something has started to move and soon will come the time when the lives of the Little Busters will change forever. (Source: Koi-nya, edited) Haruki Kitahara's light music club is on the verge of disbanding. At this rate, the third year's dream of performing at the school festival would never be realized. However, as his exhausted fingers drift through the chords of "White Album," the first song he would ever play, an angelic voice and mysterious piano begin harmonizing with his lonely guitar. It is a momentous performance that marks the beginning of everything for Haruki. White Album 2 orchestrates Haruki's final semester with complex romance and exhilarating music, as the curtains of the stage he so desired begin to open... [Written by MAL Rewrite] An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard. Gintarou is a fox spirit that has been protecting the small Inari temple since the Edo era. Saeki Makoto's family possesses the power to see the gods' agent, but the ability is limited to one living relative at a time. When Makoto's mother passed away while she was still young, Makoto inherited the ability as the sole remaining family member. With the help of fox spirit's power, Makoto and Gintarou help the people of their community, in spite of their many differences. (Source: MangaHelpers, edited) Another college semester begins and the returning members of Genshiken attempt to recruit new club members. Three new members join the club, attracted by Ogiue's BL drawings. She welcomes the new members but fears the club will become a "fujoshi" haven for yaoi fans and is getting a bit too far removed from it's original purpose. (Source: ANN) The surreal, comical television anime follow the daily life of Clinoppe and an office lady named Onei-san. (Source: ANN) Based on GREE's Odoriko Clinoppe Creature-Raising Game. When a friend asks Natsuki what high school club she's going to join, she cheerfully responds "the go-home club" (meaning, she's not going to join any of them). However, she soon realizes that this club actually exists at her high school, and she's just expressed interest in joining it! Before she knows it, she ends up as one of the two new members of "the go-home club," which is a small group of eccentric school girls. One of the girls likes fighting bears, while another is ridiculously rich. But what exactly constitutes the activities of "the go-home club"? (Source: MangaHelpers) Haruka Nanase has a love for water and a passion for swimming. In elementary school, he competed in and won a relay race with his three friends Rin Matsuoka, Nagisa Hazuki, and Makoto Tachibana. After claiming victory at the tournament, the four friends went their separate ways. Years later, they reunite as high school students; however, Rin couldn't care less about returning to the way things used to be. Not only does he attend a different school, but the sole thing important to him is proving that he is a better swimmer than Haruka. After the bitter reunion, Haruka, Nagisa, and Makoto decide to form the Iwatobi High School Swim Club, but they will need a fourth member if they hope to take part in the upcoming tournament. Enter Rei Ryuugazaki, a former member of the track team whom Nagisa recruits. As the time to compete draws near, the four develop a close bond while training intensely to come out on top and settle things between Haruka and Rin once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Mizusawa Karuta Club prepares for the cultural festival. Extra episodes of bundled with Blu-rays and DVDs and the limited edition 5th manga volume. A new original animated story included on a bonus mail-order DVD eligible for readers of LaLa's August, October and September 2013 issues. Episodes 14–16 of OreImo 2 which finish adapting the OreImo novels. A special animated movie to commemorate the 100th anniversary of "Morinaga Milk Caramel". Summary of the first season of the show, as seen from Rikka's perspective with new elements. The story is about girls who face a battle against the turning point of their lives. Bundled with the limited edition of the 6th volume of the manga. The story revolves around the daily misadventures of 5 glasses-wearing high school boys who are members of the "Glasses Club" and their antics resulting from their shared passion for eyewear, most especially, their ultimate goal to make functioning "X-ray glasses." (Source: Zinc-view, Wikipedia) This is a sketch drama consisting of four episodes on dating in collaboration with the leading food company Momoya. This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN) School Life of Hakusai and her friends. Produced by Lamaze P (ラマーズP) in collaboration with Studio Piapro and broadcasted on Nico Nico. Promotion videos for Kenichi Kuroi's web manga "Waanabi.jk", commissioned by Studio DEEN. The story involves two pairs of teenage elder sister and younger brother, the Shinmoto's who are a bit narcissistic and the Saitou's who look a bit mysterious. It follows their everyday life in school and at home. (Source: MAL News) Special episodes included in BD. The CG anime centers around the extracurricular activities of students. (Source: AniDB) Amane Todoroki is a young girl who is straightforward but also unthinking. She will try her very best in everything and say, "I don't know how to answer you if you ask me whether this can be done. I just believe it can. If not, then nothing will get started!" She easily gets stuck in her thinking, but she can also get easily moved at something small and start crying. (Source: MAL News) "Miss Monochrome" is an original character design from seiyuu Horie Yui. In March 2012, she first used the "Miss Monochrome" character as a 3D virtual singer to sing her songs at her concert "Horie Yui wo Meguru Bouken III ~Secret Mission Tour~." Later, the character appeared in a range of merchandise as well as in the social network game "Girlfriend (Beta)." According to the setting, Miss Monochrome loves only the monochrome style, dislikes all kinds of color, and always dreams about changing the world into her favorite monochrome color. (Source: MAL News) Second Minami-ke OVA bundled with the 11th volume of the manga. Chiaki, Kana, and Haruka decide how to spend their last few days of summer together.  Kana struggles to finish her homework. It will be about the daily life of a big family of mushrooms living together. The story takes place before WWII at a photo studio on top of a hill. Many people visit this studio to have their photos taken. One day, a couple comes, but the wife is so shy that she always lowers her head. The owner of the studio tries all kinds of tricks to get her to smile and eventually succeeds. One year later, the couple comes again, but this time they bring their daughter along. She always looks grumpy, and again, the owner has to try everything to get her to smile. Thus starts a long-running relationship between the girl and the owner, and time passes to years and then decades... (Source: MAL) Bundled with the sixth single of the anime's μ's idol group. The new anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. An anime made for JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) and NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) that promotes the GPM/DPR (Global Precipitation Measurement/Dual-frequency Precipitation Radar) space mission. A CM produced by A-1 Pictures promoting the manga. (Source: AniDB) Narrated recap of the Love Live! School Idol Project series included on the official  Blu-ray fandisc release. A continuation of last season as Shiromeshi-kun continues his attempts at dating and finding refuge in Momoya food toppings. An animated biographical film about the life of Takae Tsuneo, who was dealt a heavy blow when he lost both of his arms but worked to help other people with disabilities. At the age of seventeen, Tsuneo is electrocuted during his job installing power lines and has both of his arms amputated. However, he decides to devote his life to poetry and literature, and begins to practice writing by holding a pen with his mouth. He eventually gets a job as a newspaper reporter, and turns his attention to other people dealing with disabilities. (Source: Japanese Film Database) Web commercial produced by a real estate company Mini Mini ,  which provides apartments and guest houses for foreigners and exchange students. The happy daily life of Muco, a not-too-bright Akita dog, and its owner Komatsu-san the glass-blower. (Source: MU) Takahashi is transferred to a main anchor of a news program, which is known for being a little...weird. This is a comedy about somewhat ridiculous happenings occurring at a broadcasting station. (Source: YouTube) Follows an easygoing Scottish Fold's mundane everyday life. Follows the life of a girl sea cucumber who lives in an aquarium. Unaired episode 13 included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume of the Recorder to Randoseru Mi☆ series. Welcome to the concrete jungle, where it’s a struggle to survive among the animals of the city. Watch Jake the bear, Jenny the cat and their cast of slightly crazy friends as they live, love and try to stay sane in a wild world. (Source: Official website) Collaboration of Peeping Life and JU. Short animation by Masaki Okuda. A collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope and Takarakuji the nationwide lottery system in Japan in honor of 2013 having the all time highest amount (800 million yen) winnable to date for the lottery system. These episodes were included on season 4's DVD release. An Aiful (consumer finance company) commissioned commercial from Tekken set to Love is in the Air by The Afters where people try to beat their aggression with balls of happy thoughts. On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu! . [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sequel to the Saki series covering the Inter High School Mahjong Championships. The story follows the daily life of a group of birds, including a duck, an old nihilistic great grey owl, and a gluttonous Caique parrot. (Source: ANN) A TV anime remake of the World Fool News ONA. Takahashi is transferred to a main anchor of a news program, which is known for being a little...weird. This is a comedy about somewhat ridiculous happenings occurring at a broadcasting station. (Source: YouTube) Original 3D Animated shorts from The Answerstudio. Due to various events, Yuuta and Rikka are living together. This secret co-habitation is so exciting for the two lovebirds! Or so it should be... Is having a chuuni girlfriend too high of a hurdle for Yuuta, who never even went out with a normal girl?! Yuuta worries about how to advance his relationship with Rikka. And then everyone else, Nibutani, Kumin, and Dekomori, have powered up by advancing a grade. Furthermore, the cause of his chuunibyou outburst in middle school, the girl who calls herself Sophia Ring Saturn the 7th, Satone Shichimiya appears... This is the long-awaited second season of the adolescent romantic comedy revolving around chuunibyou that makes you laugh and cry. (Source: Animax) Otonokizaka High School has been saved! Despite having to withdraw from the Love Live!, the efforts of μ's were able to garner enough interest in their school to prevent it from being shut down. What more, following the conclusion of the first, a second Love Live! is announced, this time on an even larger stage than before. Given a chance for redemption, the nine girls come together once more to sing their hearts out and claim victory. However, with the end of the school year approaching, the graduation of the third years draws near. As they attempt to reach the top of the Love Live!, they must also consider their future and choose what path the group will take. Though the question of whether to continue without the third years or disband weighs heavily on the minds of its members, μ's must quickly come to an answer with graduation right around the corner. Love Live! School Idol Project 2nd Season continues the story of the girls as they laugh, cry, sing, and dance in their journey to determine the future of their group and conquer the Love Live! in their last chance to win with all nine girls together. [Written by MAL Rewrite] As the new semester begins at Ooezo Agricultural High School, Hachiken is now used to the tough lifestyle of a rural, agricultural high school. While Hachiken still wonders what he will do in the future, he continues to discover both the harsh and the beautiful realities of the countryside. (Source: ANN) Love is in the air when the story of Sakura Trick begins. Haruka Takayama and Yuu Sonoda were best friends in middle school, and are now attending Misato West High School together. They are assigned to the same class in their first year, but are given seats on opposite sides of the room! If that wasn't enough, it is announced at the entrance ceremony that the school will be closed in three years. This doesn't bother either of them, as they still plan on having lots of fun together during their high school years. Haruka gets jealous of Yuu making new friends though, so the two decide to deepen their bond. "Let's do something we'd never do with other girls," Yuu says, and they share a kiss in a vacant classroom after school one day. After that one kiss leads to many kisses, the two begin to realize that the relationship they share has changed completely. But what will happen to their relationship once a disapproving older sister begins to suspect that something is going on between the two? Second season of Wooser no Sono Higurashi . The 13th episode of the TV anime bundled with the special limited first edition of the 7th manga volume. The main additions in "Little Busters! Ecstasy" are 3 heroine routes involving the characters Futaki Kanata, Sasasegawa Sasami and Tokido Saya. The 3 EX heroines' routes take place of the following: Saya's route - Before the events of Refrain. Sasami's route - After the events of Refrain. Kanata's route - First half of her story is before Refrain and second half is after Refrain. The episodes will be bundled with the BD/DVD releases of Little Busters!: Refrain. Just an ordinary teenager, Kobeni Yonomori receives quite the surprise on her 16th birthday—a fiancé and a sister-in-law she never even knew she had. As a result of an arrangement that her late grandfather made, Hakuya Mitsumine and his younger sister Mashiro have moved from their countryside home to the Yonomori household in order to deepen their relationship with their new family members. Mikakunin de Shinkoukei follows Kobeni's "love life" with Hakuya as she tries her best to adjust to the abrupt changes forced upon her. However, as some extraordinary secrets regarding the siblings come to light, Kobeni will find her life changed forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Super Sonico is a clutzy, adorable, and well-endowed 18-year old girl. She's a complete sucker for anything cute, especially stray cats, all of which she giddily adopts. However, though Sonico should be enjoying a carefree and simple lifestyle as a young college student, her life is really anything but easy: she must balance being a professional model, working part-time at her grandmother's restaurant, and practicing guitar and performing concerts with her friends Suzu Fujimi and Fuuri Watanuki in their band, First Astronomical Velocity—all while attending college. SoniAni: Super Sonico the Animation follows Sonico as she faces daunting challenges in her search for her place in the world, even when her days are brimming with love and happiness. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The limited-edition of the 26th manga volume will include an anime adaptation of the popular special flashback chapter "Uchi ga Kita Machi" (The Town Where I Arrived). The story reveals how Haruto, Akari, and Takashi first met during childhood, and serves as a prologue to the TV anime. The 27th limited-edition manga volume will include a special anime episode produced in full cooperation with Seo Kouji. This OVA will be the animation of the end of the manga. (Volume 27 is the final volume of the long-running series.) During a winter walk, Natsume meets a snowman youkai who is searching for something she's lost and can't seem to recall and decides to help her despite not knowing what exactly she's looking for. Formerly an all-girl school, Ousai Academy has recently gone co-ed. Enter student council vice president Takatoshi Tsuda, one of Ousai's first male students. He's adapting rather well now that he's in his second year, but there's still a lot to get used to. For example, what do girls talk about when there aren't any guys around? In Seitokai Yakuindomo* , pretty much exactly what you'd expect: sex! Although charged with upholding morality among the student body, the Ousai Student Council is notoriously perverted, especially president Shino Amakusa. As they carry out their duties to the school, Tsuda, Shino, and their fellow council members must balance curiosity with decency and sex jokes with studying. It takes a perv to know one, after all! A short mini-theater specials included in BD/DVD volumes. The story revolves around Tomoya Mizuhara, a 13-year-old boy who suddenly gains a big sister when his father remarries. 17-year-old Ichika is a little strange, and her affection for Tomoya is rather overwhelming, if not scary. On top of things, Ichika's friend Ruri is the ultimate sadist. Then there is Ichika's big-breasted quarter-Japanese friend Marina. (Source: ANN) Kou comes to a slum neighborhood in search of his elder brother Takumi and finds him to have become the head of a private detective firm. Kou is drafted by Takumi to do errands and chores in the detective firm, and they come to meet various interesting people... (Source: MAL News) From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. Go! Go! 575 adapts the Project 575 games for PlayStation Vita and iOS, which allow anyone to create songs using the traditional Japanese 5-7-5-syllable meter found in haiku and tanka poems. (Source: ANN) Kokoa Hoto is a positive and energetic girl who becomes friends with anyone in just three seconds. After moving in with the Kafuu family in order to attend high school away from home, she immediately befriends the shy and precocious granddaughter of Rabbit House cafe's founder, Chino Kafuu, who is often seen with the talking rabbit, Tippy, on her head. After beginning to work as a waitress in return for room and board, Kokoa also befriends another part-timer, Rize Tedeza, who has unusual behavior and significant physical capabilities due to her military upbringing; Chiya Ujimatsu, a waitress from a rival cafe who does everything at her own pace; and Sharo Kirima, another waitress at a different cafe who has the air of a noblewoman despite being impoverished. With fluffy silliness and caffeinated fun, Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka? is a heartwarming comedy about five young waitresses and their amusing adventures in the town they call home. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Himeji Wakaba is a 5th year elementary school student, and she has the ability to see things that others can't. They are mostly frightening evil spirits, and they tend to do bad things to people who are close to her. As a result, Wakaba has no friends and rarely smiles. On a couple of occasions, she brings home stray animals, but her parents won't let her keep them. However, they're worried about their sad, creepy daughter, so one day they decide that whatever Wakaba brings home next, they'll let her keep. The next thing she brings home is a pink monster called "Pupipo", but her parents stand by their decision and let her keep it. No one is quite sure what Pupipo is, but it protects Wakaba from the other things she sees. Pupipo also helps Wakaba make friends with an occult-obsessed transfer student and solve problems with bullying. Wakaba's life is a much better place with her pet pink monster! (Source: MangaHelpers) Sixteen-year-old Yuuki Hase finally finds the courage to speak to his crush and ask her if she wants to become friends. The object of his affection, Kaori Fujimiya, is a quiet and reserved girl who cuts herself off from everyone and does not spare him the same blunt rejection she gives everybody else. Some time after, Yuuki finds her eating lunch on the roof where she secludes herself during break. He decides to start meeting with Kaori every day in the hopes of beginning to understand her better. The more time they spend together, the more she begins to open up to him. However, nearing the end of the week, she starts to push him away once more. It is then revealed to him the reason for Kaori's cold front: at the end of the week, her memories of those close to her, excluding her family, are forgotten, as they are reset every Monday. The result of an accident in middle school, the once popular and kind Kaori is now unable to make friends in fear of hurting the people dear to her. Determined to become more than just one week friends, Yuuki asks her the exact same question each Monday: "Would you like to be friends?" Because he knows that deep down, Kaori wishes for that more than anything. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A 45-minute special which adapts a two-chapter manga. Ginko finds himself in a village which falls victim to a mushi that blocks out the sun; however, one villager seems to benefit from this calamity. Kazunari Usa is a high school freshman who will start living alone due to his parents now working in a different area. Excited for his new independent life, he hopes to go about his teenage days without the worry of dealing with any strange people, but as he soon discovers, his new boarding house Kawai Complex is far from ordinary. The various tenants at Kawai Complex are all quite eccentric characters. Shirosaki, Kazunari's roommate, is a pervert and masochist; Mayumi Nishikino, a borderline alcoholic office lady, hates couples because of her unfortunate luck with men; and Sayaka Watanabe, a seemingly innocent college student, enjoys leading men on. Shocked with the lack of decent individuals at his new residence, Kazunari is about to leave when he runs into shy senior student Ritsu Kawai and finds himself slowly falling in love with her. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Yama no Susume. It is the spring break immediately after Mao and the others graduate. It is the season of cherry blossoms, and the new school term will soon begin. One day, Kyouya is suddenly stuffed into a bag. When he is let out, the scenery he sees around him is that of New York—except the room looks exactly like the GJ Club's room. (Source: Official website) As she edges toward the end of her high school life, the energetic but generally clueless third-year Tamako Kitashirakawa has only one major concern: pulling off a stunning baton performance at the Usagiyama Marching Festival. But all too soon, she is confronted by the reality that all her friends have big plans for their futures; she, on the other hand, just operates with the moderate goal of continuing to work at her family's restaurant. Under the same brilliant sky, Mochizou Ooji intends to study at a university in Tokyo, leaving behind his family, friends, and most importantly, his first and only love Tamako. Unfortunately, the shy admirer cannot bring himself to declare his love, and Tamako is yet unaware that she is the source of such anguish. With time quickly running out, Mochizou must confess his feelings to Tamako soon, or his dream of romance will never be fulfilled. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on Matsumoto Itsuki's "Mitsuwano" light novel series. The story follows a group of young girls in Kyoto who dream of becoming maiko. An OVA bundled with the 7th manga volume. Suguru Koshigaya, the brother of Komari and Natsumi, wins the grand prize in a lottery draw. The prize appears to be a ticket for four to Okinawa. As the girls are nervous for their trip, they prepare for their journey. Naru Sekiya is an average 14-year-old girl with average intelligence, average athleticism, and average talents. She once had hopes that starting high school would change all that. Unfortunately, the reality could not be further from the truth and she remains a wallflower. Why can't real life be like fairy tales where a handsome prince lifts a poor girl from obscurity and transforms her into a dazzling princess? Her average student life changes when she meets a blonde girl dancing on top of a gate to a shrine. Naru assumes the girl is a fairy, but it turns out she's just a regular girl, too. But it also just so happens that she's a transfer student named Hana from America who fell in love with yosakoi, a type of dance, and came to Japan with the intention to start her own club! Excited that she's classmates with the girl she met the night before, Hana tries to recruit Naru to become the first member of the brand new yosakoi club. Too bad the thought of dancing in front of everyone terrifies her! Can Hana convince Naru to join the club? Will Naru fall in love with yosakoi? Find out in Hanayamata ! Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes. Second season of Tesagure! Bukatsumono . The story depicts the work-life of a perverted mangaka, Aito Yuuki, and his assistant, Ashisu Sahoto. Constantly pressured by his editor and lacking experience with girls, Aito asks Ashisu to act as a reference. (Source: AniDB) They existed long before anyone can remember. They are simple and strange in nature, not resembling any other plant or animal in this world. In ancient times, people revered these bizarre creatures and called them "Mushi." People once again began to believe in the existence of these "Mushi" when they began affecting their lives in inexplicable ways. The one who connects the world of "Mushi" to the world of humans—they were called the "Mushi-shi." All life exists not to hinder others in this world. They are simply there to live as they were meant to. (Source: Aniplex USA) Futaba Yoshioka used to be an attractive and popular middle-schooler—well liked by the opposite sex, but ostracized by the girls. Nevertheless, she was able to brush all that off, because the only opinion that truly mattered to her was that of Kou Tanaka, a classmate with whom she shared a shelter from rain once, followed by quite a few other precious and significant memories. She even succeeded at making plans to meet with the quiet and innocent boy at the summer festival, but a simple misunderstanding, and Tanaka's subsequent disappearance, left her walking the halls of her school friendless. Now in high school, Futaba is not your typical adolescent girl. Determined to become a class favorite this time, she avoids all unwanted attention and, instead of acting cute and feminine, only stands out through her tomboyish behavior and disheveled look. But still, her world is soon turned upside down when the only boy she ever liked unexpectedly comes into her life once again—except he goes by the name of Kou Mabuchi now, and it is not his name alone that has gone through a sea change. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the first Blu-ray and DVD volume. Hakuya wins tickets to a hot spring. The Iwatobi Swim Club returns!  As their third year begins, Haruka, Makoto and Rin are still swimming strong, but choosing plans for their futures loom, and as friends both new and old make their way into the picture, rivalries will take root once again. Will the team make it out stronger than before or sink under pressure? In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others... Hiyori's grandmother died. To stop her crying all day and every day, Hiyori's father built a humanoid robot called Washimo, that looks like her granny, complete with dentures. It walks faster than a snail but slower than a rhinoceros beetle; in fact, however, it can outrun a bullet train. (Source: ANN) It will be a prequel to the TV anime series and will be titled Uchuu Kyoudai #0 (Number Zero). The mangaka also added that the movie will revolve around the "origin of the dream." In 20XX C.E., a mysterious alien race named Firow suddenly appears on Earth. The Firow's dreadful attacks force humanity to engage in a difficult battle. But humanity's last hope, the X Maiden who wear weapons built to destroy the Firow, are about to set out. (Source: ANN) Seishuu Handa is an up-and-coming calligrapher: young, handsome, talented, and unfortunately, a narcissist to boot. When a veteran labels his award-winning piece as "unoriginal," Seishuu quickly loses his cool with severe repercussions. As punishment, and also in order to aid him in self-reflection, Seishuu's father exiles him to the Goto Islands, far from the comfortable Tokyo lifestyle the temperamental artist is used to. Now thrown into a rural setting, Seishuu must attempt to find new inspiration and develop his own unique art style—that is, if boisterous children (headed by the frisky Naru Kotoishi), fujoshi middle schoolers, and energetic old men stop barging into his house! The newest addition to the intimate and quirky Goto community only wants to get some work done, but the islands are far from the peaceful countryside he signed up for. Thanks to his wacky neighbors who are entirely incapable of minding their own business, the arrogant calligrapher learns so much more than he ever hoped to. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story of the anime revolves around Ichigo, who was just a normal middle school student until she suddenly got involved in the world of idols. The film will center on Aikatsu!'s greatest "Super Live" concert yet, the Dai Star Miya Ichigo Matsuri. Ichigo prepares for the concert with press conferences, last-minute lessons, and more. (Source: ANN) High school students Miho and Shouta are preparing for college entrance examinations. Miho comes from an island without even one cram school, while Shouta lives in Tokyo and works a part-time job. Both are striving to pass exams so they can enter college. The pair enroll in Z-Kai's correspondence education courses, and their lives cross before they realize it. (Source: ANN) The third volume of the Date A Live: Encore short story collection will bundle an unaired episode in a limited edition. The story is set on July 7th. "In the midst of the Tanabata festival celebrations, Shidou meets Kurumi, the worst Spirit. And the couple's destination is ...a wedding ceremony hall?!" (Source: ANN) What if you hold the power to hear the voices or see fragments of images from the future? Would that be a good thing or a bad thing? Glasslip follows the life of Touko Fukami, an aspiring glass artist born from a glass artisan family. She enjoys her worry-free life in Fukui, save for the fragments of images that she sees on occasion. On her 18th summer, she meets the transfer student Kakeru Okikura at her school, and then again at her favorite café called Kazemichi together with all four of her friends. The voices from the future lead Kakeru to Touko, and his arrival disrupts her mediocre existence. All six of the friends must face their most unforgettable summer full of hope, affection, and heartache. Yuuki Akamatsu, who is in the Kyuumon Gakuen Second News Club, is asked to become the counselor of the club immediately after joining the club by Ayaka Nikaidou, the club leader. Three girls currently give advice to issues sent in by the students: Rino Endou from the science stream, Fumi Kujou from the literary stream, and Ikumi Suzuki from the sports stream. However, the three always have different opinions and cannot get their views to agree, so they just try things out anyway... (Source: MAL News) Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara! The anime tells an original story set 15 years after the novel's story. It takes place at a fictional theater called Hollywood Tokyo in Harajuku, where members of the idol group "Shounen Hollywood" develop their talents with diligent work and studying. (Source: ANN) It's been seven years since an unusual saucer mysteriously appeared in the sky above Kiriya Lake. With no one knowing what this strange object was or where it came from, concern and panic spread amongst the people. But as time went on this occurrence went from oddity to tourist attraction. Before long, the world lost interest entirely, and the saucer remained nearly forgotten in the sky. Now, former resident Nonoka Komiya returns to the small town after seven years in Tokyo. With only vague memories of her time in the town, the appearance of a spritely girl named Noel causes Nonoka to slowly remember wishes she and four of her friends made in an old observatory. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) This is the anime adaptation of Kantoku Fuyuki Todoki (Insufficient Direction), the first essay manga by the "queen of the manga world," Moyoco Anno. The comedic and heartwarming autobiographical story follows her everyday married "otaku lifestyle" with Hideaki Anno, "the founder of the otaku cult." (Source: ANN) OVA included with special edition of volume 5 of the Mikakunin de Shinkoukei manga. Mashiro and Kobeni share with each other a story from their pasts. Kobeni retells an episode of her childhood with Benio and Nadeshiko while Mashiro describes one of her days back on her home in the mountains. noitaminA's 10th anniversary commemoration short special. Bundled with seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kyoukai no Kanata . Episode 0 happens two years prior to the TV series when the Nase siblings meet Akihito for the first time in a mission for Hiroomi. Mitsuki follows her brother on this mission and their goal is to subjugate Akihito. (Source: MAL News) The story follows Dera after he returns to the southern islands from the Usagiyama Shopping District, and depicts his gentle slapstick daily life with the Prince and Choi. (Source: ANN) A high school basketball player finds himself short of breath due to his smoking. This episode shows Ichika's and Tomoya's first encounter. Episode 13 included with the Blu-ray release. Second season of Strange+. Misaki, a 25-year-old woman who is soon to be married, finds an old photo taken at Tokyo Station and an old, broken pocket watch from her late father. Her father worked at Tokyo Station during his life and was a very strict man in her memory, but she saw his smile from the old photo that she’s never seen before. Misaki, in attempt to have the old pocket watch repaired, discovers that a watch store existed in Tokyo Station in the past. Special episode included in the Blu-ray Box of Ano Natsu de Matteru . Second season of Ai Mai Mii . Unaired episode of Strange+ included on the Blu-ray/DVD release. Comedy anime about the staff of Keihime Railway Company. Extra episode bundled with the limited edition of the 6th manga volume. Extra episodes included in the DVD release, as well as the unaired 19th episode. Second season of the Lovely Muco series. Three new OVAs of Futari Ecchi released as standard DVDs and as part of a Premium DVD Box containing all seven OVAs of the series. Umio is a shy kid who just started his part time job at a manga store smack dab in the middle of the city. But his lifestyle isn't as glamorous as the neon lights that illuminate the city. Umio's closest friends are his co-workers who are all unique characters, to say the least, and although they're nice people, they have their quirks. They are a tight knit group of friends, have nicknames for each other and spend their weekends inside, sheltered from the extravagant scene happening on the outside. (Source: MU) "Unwritten" - An episode about Futaba and Kou in middle school. Based on the chapter called "Unwritten." also known as chapter 0 or Prologue. "Page.13" - An episode that continues the story after the television series's 12th and final episode. (Source: sakisaka10) The newlyweds have moved to the Kansai region! For now they've settled down, but their room is still a huge mess. They also realize that they've been wasting a lot of electricity, and they begin to ponder ways to cut back on their bills... (Source: Anime Bancho) Specials released with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. One hour special broadcast on August 20, 2014 and bundled with anime's third Blu-ray/DVD volume on November 26, 2014. Adapts "Odoro no Michi" (Path of Thorns) manga chapters. Second season of Mushishi Zoku Shou . Special of Miss Monochrome. It's about football. Aired on the official Miss Monochrome YouTube channel. Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases. A TV anime adaptation of the Girlfriend (Kari) a mobile game where players can have girlfriends through playing the game. Shiina Kokomi is a hard working but even tempered high school girl who is the lead performer in her school's rhythmic gymnastics club. The story follows her and her growing circle of friends as they support each other through the various trials and situations that comprise high school life. (Source: ANN) Short stories based on the original characters by Uruma Delvi. Sanae has now left the countryside to view the tourist wonders of the Ibaraki prefecture. Villains are still after her so her agriculture magic powers still come in hand. A series (collaboration with a toothbrush brand REACH) following two women that aims to educate about proper dental health. During a Literature Club meeting, the four club members—along with their faculty adviser's niece—suddenly find themselves with supernatural powers. Now capable of fabricating black flames, resident chuunibyou Jurai Andou is the most ecstatic about their new abilities; unfortunately, his own is only for show and unable to accomplish anything of substance. Moreover, he is completely outclassed by those around him: fellow club member Tomoyo Kanzaki manipulates time, Jurai's childhood friend Hatoko Kushikawa wields control over the five elements, club president Sayumi Takanashi can repair both inanimate objects and living things, and their adviser's niece Chifuyu Himeki is able to create objects out of thin air. However, while the mystery of why they received these powers looms overhead, very little has changed for the Literature Club. The everyday lives of these five superpowered students continue on, albeit now tinged with the supernatural. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode inluded with the Blu-ray/DVD release. Unaired episode included with the Blu-ray/DVD release. What does it mean to be a hero? Yuuki Yuuna thinks she knows. As part of the Hero Club in her middle school, Yuuki always does her best, wants to help others, and strives to bring smiles to people's faces, no matter who they are. But Yuuki is about to become a much bigger hero. Mysterious and powerful forces are approaching and threatening to destroy the world Yuuki knows and loves, and it's up to Yuuki and the Hero Club to stop them. Together with her companions, Yuuki uses a special phone app to transform into a magical girl and battle against strange beings called vertices. In between studying and putting on shows for kids, Yuuki has to fight for the very existence of her world. Can five middle school girls really stop the vertices from entering their home world and destroying it? Sayuri Haruno dreams of becoming a pastry chef and enrolls in Fleurir Confectionary Academy, an elite school located in Tokyo's trendy Aoyama district. At Fleurir, she finds herself surrounded by charming boys, each one distinctly unique. Out of the entire class, Ryou Kouzuki's desire to become a pastry chef is the strongest. Blessed with unparalleled technique, instructor Mitsuki Aoi acts like a prince and is hugely popular at the school. Gilbert Hanafusa, the mood maker of the bunch, is a student from France. Yoshinosuke Suzumi is not very good at expressing his feelings, but underneath his stony exterior lies a wholehearted passion for wagashi (Japanese sweets). As Sayuri pours her heart and soul into making her dream a reality, she encounters many happenings... (Source: NTV) On a small hill in a neighbourhood in the outskirts of Tokyo, there was a little park. There were six close girls who always used to play there together since they were small. But when they were fourth-graders, they had to change schools. The six of them made a "promise to bury a time capsule", but in the end they were not able to keep this promise and separated eventually. Four years later and grown up, they now live their own lives. While all of them have their own troubles and worries, the days pass and one day, a miracle happens to them. (Source: AniDB) OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs. The anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and, despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. (Source: ANN) Hajime Tsunashi is an otaku shut-in that runs a blog, attends anime conventions with his cross-dressing younger brother, and is a surprisingly good cook. Kaoru Tsunashi is a hard-working, smoking, socially-drinking office lady with an overprotective father. Despite coming from two completely different worlds, these two couldn't be more in love with one another… even if she has trouble understanding the vast and complicated world of anime and manga that her husband is deeply entrenched within. Danna ga Nani wo Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken is a slice of life anime that explores the life and times of a newly married couple, filled with heartwarming scenes that showcase how the two of them grow as people through their relationships and their friends. Movie of Peeping Life. New animation featuring a new song recording by the Shirahamazaka High School Chorus Club, bundled with the BD Box set. Unaired episode 13 released with volume 7 of the Blu-ray and DVD. Short flash episodes included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. The story centers on Moyako Konoe and her younger brother Akira. When they were younger, Akira proposed to her, so Moyako thinks he is a pervert who has fallen in love with his older sister. Moyako's misunderstanding leads her to create wild delusions about her brother. Episodes #1: Ane Prologue #2: Ane Furo #3: Ane Morning #4: Ane Friend #6: Ane Ponytail #8: Ane Hip Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Volume 2 and Volume 7. Special episode introducing a new character. Limited edition OVA episode of Miss Monochrome. OVA adaptation of the same name shoujo manga. Bundled with the November issue of the Ciao magazine. The video's story comes from greeting card website Nenga Aisatsujo's 6th annual contest, which asks participants to send in their heart-warming New Year's card memories. Sachiyo Okuno wrote the story and won the Japanese Postal Service Award, a new award this year. (Source: ANN) A man wanders into a liquor store and sees a familiar shouchuu glass. Memories of his childhood home, his father, and a certain shouchuu glass his father used to call 'a shrine to the potato god' comes flooding back. Commercial made for Satsuma Shiranami brand sweet potato shouchuu. Peeping Life Collaboration with Beppu City. Four short stories capturing the bittersweet and tender moments of everyday family life, made for Marukome, Inc. (マルコメ) cup noddles commercials. Recap episode voiced over by Kaori and Saki, who talk about the developments in the show. Included in the 5th volume of the Blu-ray/DVD releases. musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive. Norasco episodes made for and screened at 109 Cinemas during previews. The films were fully included intermittently on the 4-disc DVD release of Norasco . The first and sixth episode were also posted on the official youtube page at later dates. Episode 1: "When the Buckwheat Flowers Bloom" Heo Saeng-won is an ageing market vendor. He has been a peddler all his life. After a long day at the marketplace in Bongpyeong village, he follows his fellow peddler Jo Seon-dal into an inn where he meets a young itinerant vendor, Dong-i. As the three accompany each other under the moonlight along the buckwheat flowers, Heo Saeng-won realizes he has a special bond with Dong-i. Episode 2: "Spring Spring" I toil on the field day and night as a servant for a man who has promised to give his daughter's hand to me in return for my labor. The man, however, keeps putting off the wedding, saying that his daughter is not growing fast enough. One day, out of fury, I call the man to the ultimate match. Episode 3 "A Lucky Day" Kim, who earns his living by driving a rickshaw, gets out on the street again, even after hearing from his wife that she is seriously ill. Kim then gets to drive an unusually large number of customers that day, and begins to suspect something hideous may lie ahead of his sudden good fortune. At the end of the long and hard day, Kim returns home, with an inexplicable sense of fear weighing down on his heart. (Source: IndieStory) Japan Fire Retardant Association prevention video Peeping Life collaboration with Takemoto Denki, an electronics company. The short focuses on a career fair booth between the attendant and job hunting student. A series of short commercials advertising Calbee's snack products. The first commercial, which premiered in August, was made to mark the 50th anniversary of the company's Kappa Ebisen snack. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu! . [Written by MAL Rewrite] This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN) Set in a world where humanity has lost control of the oceans to the "deep sea fleet," the only hope to counter this threat are the Kanmusu, a group of girls who possess the spirit of Japanese warships. The story revolves around Fubuki, a destroyer who comes to the Chinjufu base to train with other Kanmusu. Watch as their stories unfold! (Source: Crunchyroll) In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others... Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara! Upon finding some camping equipment in the clubroom, the Amusement Club decide to go camping together for summer vacation, with the student council deciding to tag along. After spending the day making curry, the girls form pairs to go on a test of courage before hitting a bathhouse together. (Source: Wikipedia) Second season of Kiniro Mosaic . With just five students (none in the same grade ), the four girls of the tiny Asahioka Branch School still enjoy watching cherry blossoms, playing in rivers, digging potato, and building igloos together. The pace is very slow yet enjoyable and heartwarming. (Source: ANN) The main protagonist of Koufuku Graffiti is a girl named Ryou Machiko who lives alone while attending art school. Ryou absolutely loves to cook (she learned how to from her grandmother who wanted her to grow up to be a fine wife) but lately, all of her dishes have been tasting horrible to her. One day, she gets a sudden call from her aunt who tells her that her second cousin Kirin will be staying with her on the weekends because she wants to attend the same art school as her. Soon after Kirin arrives, Ryou learns a valuable lesson and completely changes her perspective on cooking which is that good meals are meant to be eaten with loved ones and that's what makes them taste great. Over the course of the series, Ryou cooks a variety of dishes for her cousin, friends, neighbors and anyone else who drops by her apartment! This is not a series that you'll want to watch on an empty stomach! Yuki Takeya loves her school so much that she does not want to ever leave! Megurigaoka Private High School is a unique and lively place where Yuki enjoys her carefree life as a third-year high school student and member of the School Living Club. The club, consisting of the president Yuuri Wakasa, the athletic Kurumi Ebisuzawa, the mature junior Miki Naoki, the supervising teacher Megumi Sakura, and the club dog Taroumaru, prides itself on making the most of life at school. However, this illusion of endless bliss is just a bubble waiting to be burst because Yuki is unable to perceive what is truly happening around her. In reality, all is not as it seems—the real purpose of the School Living Club is to escape from the shocking and disturbing truth: the girls are in the middle of a zombie apocalypse and have barricaded themselves inside the school as the sole survivors. Based on the manga by Kaihou Norimitsu, Gakkougurashi! follows a group of girls who are forced to adapt to a post-apocalyptic life all by themselves. They have no means of contact with the outside world and are surrounded by hostile undead waiting to devour them. The girls must not only contend with the challenge of survival; they must also strive to maintain a false appearance of normality in Yuki's presence. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Follows the life of a girl sea cucumber who lives in an aquarium. Unaired episode bundled on 7th Blu-ray/DVD volume of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou . Hot on the heels of the third year students' graduation, μ's is invited to New York in hopes of spreading the joy of school idols to other parts of the world. Due to the events of the recent Love Live!, μ's has reached eminent stardom which results in crowds swarming them whenever they appear in public. With the increased attention, however, comes a difficult choice. Having yet to publicly announce the decision they came to regarding their future, the young members of μ's are pushed to continue performing by rival group A-RISE, Otonokizaka High School, and even Love Live! itself. As leader, Honoka Kousaka is left wondering if the path they have chosen is truly for the best, as μ's must re-evaluate their choices and come to a final decision on what they want for the future. Love Live! The School Idol Movie depicts the final chapter in μ's story as the girls explore just what being an idol means to them as well as the bond that connects the nine of them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The first movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura . Ten years before the start of Rolling☆Girls , a massive battle called the Great Tokyo War devastated Japan. Over the course of the war, most of Japan's political and economic leaders vanished, leaving a vacuum of power in their tracks. To restructure the country, Japan was divided into ten territories that soon became independent prefectures, with each vying to conquer its neighbors to become the sole ruler of what was once Japan. Many of the heroes from the Great Tokyo War have taken on leadership roles in the different nations; these individuals are now known as Mosas and lead groups of supports called Mobs. A young Mob named Nozomi Moritomo is instructed by her Mosa to go on a journey with three of her friends in order to grow stronger and observe the other prefectures. Along the way, these four girls search for moonlight stones, heart-shaped jewels said to give their wearers great power... but will the power of the moonlight stones bring about an era of peace, or will they send the nations plummeting into another abyss of devastation? Working!!! is never easy, especially when your co-workers are as wacky as the gang at Wagnaria, Hokkaido's most beloved family restaurant. Over three seasons, they've become a family, and just like with most families, they spend a lot of time driving each other crazy. Everyone who works at Wagnaria has their own story, even "normal girl" Matsumoto Maya. In Working!!! , all the stories that have been told at Wagnaria build towards their endings. Romance, sibling rivalry, disappearing spouses, terrifying parents―things are getting pretty complicated. Will Kirio finally meet Aoi? Will Satou finally let Yachiyo know how he feels? Will Otoo-san finally find his wife? Will Popura get any taller? And just what the heck is going on between Souta and Mahiru? There's only one way to find out! The story takes place during a conflict between the Krakozhia Dukedom and the Grania Republic. In the midst of the fighting, a savior appears to the Krakozhia Dukedom, and it is a high school student named Yano Souhei. Two female soldiers, First Lieutenant Ruto and Second Lieutenant Haruka, appear in tanks to intrude on Souhei's everyday life, followed by the enemy soldier Shachirofu, all of whom use firearms without hesitation at his house. (Source: ANN) OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs. The anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and, despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. (Source: ANN) Unaired episode included with volume 7 of the Blu-ray/DVD. In an alternate universe, shy, awkward Yuki Nagato attempts to court her crush, Kyon, with the help of her best friend and neighbor, the perky and indomitable Ryoko Asakura. Together, the trio defends their high school literature club from extermination…and from the pestering of their over-the-top classmate Tsuruya and her friend and minion Mikuru. (Source: FUNimation, edited) Based on the Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma☆Illya 2wei! manga by Hiroshi Hiroyama, which is a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. Bundled with limited special first edition of the 14th volume of the Saki manga. Why should girls get to have all the fun? These magical boys are here to save the world from the loveless... at least that's what the pink wombat who gives them their magical powers wants them to do. In Binan Koukou Chikyuu Bouei-bu Love! , the main characters are the members of the "Earth Defense Club" at the Binan High School, though all they really want to do is hang out, goof off, and relax at the nearby Kurotama Bath. One fateful day, though, a pink wombat appears out of nowhere and forces these five high school students to become "Battle Lovers" and protect Earth from a trio of villains who are taking orders from a green hedgehog. Over the course of the series, the Battle Lovers will take on a variety of fiends, including the chikuwabu monster, a chopstick phantom, a monster remote control, and plenty more strange enemies! Will the heirs to the throne of love be able to protect Earth from those who want to destroy love? Or will the Earth Conquest Club fill the world with hate? Second Season of Shounen Hollywood: Holly Stage for 49. Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Volume 2 and Volume 7. An original anime to advertise Urawa City in Saitama, Japan. Tetsuko Arisugawa has just moved to a new house with her recently divorced mother. She becomes a transfer student at a school where a strange rumor lingers among the students. When she starts to investigate into it, she ends meeting Hana Arai, her young strange neighbor who rarely leaves the house. (Source: ANN) The Sakurada siblings live a normal life in a typical Japanese household. Well, that's what their father, the king, wants for them at least. As members of the royal family, each sibling possesses a unique ability, and over two thousand security cameras have been placed around town to make sure the children are safe and sound. Moreover, all nine of them have been designated as a potential successor to the throne with the decision that the next ruler will be selected through an election. However, for the timid Akane Sakurada, the third eldest daughter who wields the power to manipulate gravity, all of this attention is a complete nightmare. With all the cameras constantly monitoring the candidates and even broadcasting their actions on the Sakurada-dedicated news channel, she decides that if she becomes king, the cameras have got to go. But just how will she convince the public that she is the most suited to rule if she can't even overcome her own shyness?! Election season is in full swing as the search for the next king begins in Joukamachi no Dandelion . [Written by MAL Rewrite] Picks up after the events of Transformers 2010. Ultra Magnus goes on a solo mission through various Decepticon strongholds to find out exactly what happened to Optimus. Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end! The story takes place one year after the TV series. Akihito, half human and half youmu, fights against a new threat that intends on seeking Mirai whilst protecting his closest friends. (Source: ANN) People are not always who they appear to be, as is the case with Umaru Doma, the perfect high school girl—that is, until she gets home! Once the front door closes, the real fun begins. When she dons her hamster hoodie, she transforms from a refined, over-achieving student into a lazy, junk food-eating otaku, leaving all the housework to her responsible older brother Taihei. Whether she's hanging out with her friends Nana Ebina and Kirie Motoba, or competing with her self-proclaimed "rival" Sylphinford Tachibana, Umaru knows how to kick back and have some fun! Himouto! Umaru-chan is a cute story that follows the daily adventures of Umaru and Taihei, as they take care of—and put up with—each other the best they can, as well as the unbreakable bonds between friends and siblings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A spin-off of the Tesagure! Bukatsumono series. The anime adaptation of the final Mushishi manga arc. Ginko stumbles upon a young girl in a mountain with branches and leaves growing out of her body. He later realises that she is the lord of that mountain but finds it strange that a human like her was chosen as the lord. He later meets her older brother who has continued to search for her ever since she disappeared while she was accompanying him on a stormy day. The story is about that girl, Kaya, and how she is torn between continuing her duty as a mushi lord and returning back to her loving human family. (Source: ANN) Aoi Tokura is having a rough day. He’s used to being mistaken for a girl, but it’s even worse when a captivating stranger on the train calls him a creeper for staring a little too long. Aoi’s soaked by a sudden rainstorm and takes shelter at Rainy Color, a cozy café where the warmth of the staff compliments the sweet hot cocoa he’s served. When he falls into a job at the café he feels like things are finally looking up— until Keiichi Iwase, the man he couldn’t help but stare at on the train, shows up. Did this day just get worse, or better? (Source: FUNimation) The zany and cute-but-crude Wooser returns for another season in Wooser’s Hand-to-Mouth Life: Phantasmagoric Arc! Wooser is a creature that only cares about three things in life: meat, money, and girls. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited) The anime follows the daily life of an earnest, hardworking office lady named Kaoru and her otaku husband, Hajime, who is totally immersed in a certain huge net bulletin board system. (Source: ANN) Second season of Washimo series. Dreaming of becoming a top-tier professional in the fast-paced, competitive world of voice acting, rookie Futaba Ichinose frantically scurries around, searching for auditions and performance sessions. Rubbing elbows with some of the biggest names in the industry, she tries to find her own unique voice and style. Along the way, she befriends two important allies: Ichigo Moesaki, an aspiring idol who claims to be a princess from another planet, and Rin Kohana, a cheerful child actress who tries her best to balance her career and school at the same time. Together, the girls brave the ups and downs of the entertainment industry—but as for Futaba, whose performance assessment at her agency is just around the corner, her career might be over sooner than expected! Sore ga Seiyuu! is a humorous and sincere celebration of the industry that gives anime its voice. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An advertisement for MyNavi Chintai  (MyNavi Rental) that began airing on television on January 10, 2015. The "20-dai no Heya-hen" (Rooms for Twentysomethings) commercial shows how the MyNavi Chintai service lets young people find living spaces that fit their different lifestyles. The characters profiled include a man living alone who searched for a place "near the station," a woman with a dog who searched for an apartment that "allows pets," a couple who searched for a place "for two," and a woman searching for a room on the service. (Source: ANN)  Eri, a girl who likes to stay indoors, meets a mysterious but enthusiastic transfer student named Haru. Eri used to love to sing and Haru loves Eri's singing. The story follows the two during one summer of their high school life as their love sometimes overlaps and sometimes passes by each other. (Source: ANN) Project by Studio Deen announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. Aki Miyagawa moved to Tokyo to pursue her dream to be a taiko drummer, but had a hard time balancing her strict training regimen with her part-time job. Now, after 15 years, she's returning to coach others for a taiko festival. (Source: ANN) Project by J.C.Staff announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. Hiroshi is tired of living alone so he orders a maid robot from a company called Happy ComeCome, but ends up with the robot mom Yoshiko instead. Yoshiko acts more motherly than Hiroshi's real mother, and over time she is able to heal his heart. (Source: ANN) Project by SynergySP announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. Based on a book by British travel and dining journalist Michael Booth. Follows Booth, his wife Lissen, and two kids Ansger (6) and Emil (4), on their 100-day trip to Japan as they try a wide variety of Japanese foods. Booth was inspired to make the trip by Shizuo Tsuji's book, Japanese Cooking, A Simple Art . (Source: ANN) With a new year comes new adventures, especially at the Rabbit House! Since her arrival at the café, Kokoa Hoto has become accustomed to her new life as a waitress even though the Rabbit House isn’t the rabbit paradise she initially envisioned it to be. Life is pleasant, and she enjoys spending time both working and playing with her friends and fellow waitresses Chino Kafuu, a cute middle school student with a fuzzy bunny companion named Tippy, and Rize Tedeza, the pig-tailed daughter of a soldier who is readily armed for any scenario. Together with Chiya Ujimatsu and Sharo Kirima, who also work at neighboring cafés in town, the Rabbit House crew gets involved in all sorts of crazy adventures. Throughout these adventures, the girls encounter troubled novelists, rival cafes, secret treasure, and... alcoholic chocolates? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The March issue of Shueisha's Ribon magazine announced that a television anime of Kanahei's shoujo manga Onnanoko tte. (About Girls) has been green-lit. The shorts will premiere in February and run every Thursday in the children's variety program OhaStu (Good Morning Studio). The anime is about the many worries that girls have, such as pimples, dry skin, unwanted hair, drinking while driving, face turning red, and singing well at karaoke. The series explains matters regarding girls' bodies and minds through manga art and answers from experts. (Source: ANN) The second movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura . The third movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura . New Aria work produced for the "Ao no Curtain Call" project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series. The story revolves around Yuki Kurihara, a girl who has finally been granted her wish of dating her crush Momo. At first glance, she just looks like a normal but very cute girl. However, she is in fact a maniac over Momo, taking notes of his activities and never missing the chance to see him in a cute moment. Momo, on the other hand, is inexperienced in love, and just wants to make Yuki happy. (Source: ANN) Haruki Nakano lives an average high school life, except for the fact that his mother is overseas and he shares an apartment with his four sisters. There's the oldest, Mutsuki, who has a bad habit of falling asleep in his bed, the junior high school student Yayoi, who hits him whenever something happens, and then the grade school twins, Uzuki and Satsuki, who love to play pranks on their older brother. Stuck in a house with four girls, Haruki has to deal with all sorts of trials. From going grocery shopping, watching scary movies, to kissing practice, life is never boring in Danchigai ! Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters. Third season of Yuru Yuri . The studio TMS Entertainment collaborated with Seibu Railways on the new original anime Dededen. The anime celebrates both the 50th anniversary of TMS Entertainment and the 100th anniversary of Seibu Railways. TMS Entertainment happens to be located near the Araiyakushimae Station on the Seibu Shinjuku Line. The anime followed the daily life of the main lead Amoru Tokorozawa and the railway. TMS plans to make five episodes, each 75 seconds long. It is running on the train's onboard SmileVision screens, as well as on the Smile StationVision screens around major stations from February 23 to December 31. (Source: ANN) Short original anime bundled with the limited edition Blu-ray Box of Saki Achiga-hen: Episode of Side-A . Funassyi, the popular pear-shaped mascot character of the Tokyo suburb Funabashi, will premiere its own series of television anime shorts on March 30. The Funassyi no Funafunafuna Hiyori (Funassyi's Aimless Days) shorts will run every weekyday within the morning variety program Sukkiri!! Besides Funassyi, the anime will feature the brand-new character Guressyi (voiced by Lynn) and Nashigami-sama (Naoki Tatsuta). (Source: ANN) The story centers around the activities of Wakaba Kohashi, "a slightly out-of-tune super" daughter of a well-to-do family, and her friends. Wakaba (literally, "young leaves") looks like an elegant rich daughter, but she admires the trendy gyaru fashion subculture. There is also the pure, innocent, fairy-tale-like Moeko. Mao is capricious and behaves in her own way. Nao used to be an athletic type of girl, but now loves the boys-love genre. (Source: ANN) The story centers around Chizuru, who moved from Yamaguchi to Tokyo, and cannot keep up with the pace of her studies. Losing sight of her dream because of discouraging marks in practice exams, she talks to her former classmate Shōta, and slowly begins changing the way she studies. (Source: ANN) The series tells the story of the five students; Yuuta Hoshitani, Tooru Nayuki, Kaito Tsukigami, Kakeru Tengenji, and Shuu Kuga as they struggle to enter the musical department of Ayanagi Academy, a school focusing on music. They need to be accepted to the Star Frame Class, which is directly taught by the members of Kaou-kai, the most talented from the musical department who stand at the top of the pecking order within the academy. Luckily, they are spotted by Itsuki Ootori, one of Kaou-kai members. (Source: Wikipedia) Bundled with the limited edition sixth volume of the manga. It will be between 10 to 15 minutes long and will adapt the events of the first volume. (Source: MAL News) The hero and author of Sanzoku Diary is Okamoto Kentarou. When he was young, he lived out in the country, and he knew an old man who was a hunter. In 2009, Kentarou was inspired to leave Tokyo and return to Okayama Prefecture to become a hunter himself. Using an air rifle and traps, Kentarou hunts, prepares, and eats various animals. The manga covers all his hunting-related activities in close detail. (Source: MangaHelpers) Extra episode of Nagato Yuki-chan no Shoushitsu bundled with the limited edition of the 9th manga volume. The Ultra Super Pictures Special Stage event announced at AnimeJapan 2015 on Saturday that the Miss Monochrome television anime series will receive a second season. The season will run within the 30-minute Ultra Super Anime Time block beginning on July 3, 2015. (Source: ANN) The story begins in the future when Earth itself is no longer inhabitable by living creatures. Humans began their interstellar migration with space colonies. Vince and Hana work as researchers in the Cambrian Project. Together with the creature Pikaia, they seek the Lost Code, the key to restoring Earth, and aim to return to Cambrian-era Earth. (Source: ANN) A prequel to the 2013 Kyoto Animation series Free! which is an adaptation of light novel High☆Speed! Murasaki Wakako, who is 26 years old, loves going out alone to enjoy eating and drinking, especially when something unpleasant happens at work. This anime follows Wakako through many solitary outings, where she enjoys different combinations of food and drink! (Source: MangaHelpers, edited) Short specials included with the Blu-rays and DVDs. Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB) Itoshi no Muco depicts the life of the pet dog Muco and its owner Komatsu, who lives in his glass-making workshop in the mountains. (Source: ANN) The first half of the episode recaps the first episode of the first season and the second half is all new animation setting up for the second season as the characters go to cities rather than being out in the countryside. Follows Kana-chan and her animal friends' life on a ranch. The story follows the everyday life of Somera Nonomoto who can use the strongest kenpo, Nonomoto Mahou-ken, which is inherited from her mother with her younger sister Kukuru. (Source: Crunchyroll) The Konica Minolta "Tenkuu" Planetarium in Tokyo Skytree Town will run a Chibi Maruko-chan planetarium show from July 18 to August 31. The show, titled " Planetarium Chibi Maruko-chan, Hoshi ni Negai wo " (Planetarium Chibi Maruko-chan, Wish Upon a Star), celebrates the 25th anniversary of the Chibi Maruko-chan anime since it first aired in January 1990. (Source: ANN) Voice actresses Aya Suzaki and Asuka Nishi announced at an event in Tokyo on Sunday that their Suzakinishi radio program will get a television anime adaptation starting in July. The Suzakinishi The AanimationN anime will air on Tokyo MX TV, TV Kanazawa, and Sun TV. (Source: ANN) Recap OVA of Love Live! School Idol Project 2nd. Second season of Q Transformers . Third season of Washimo series. Extra episodes of Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi! Original short anime bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Sora no Method . Commercial for Marukome brand foods partnership with Tanita cafeterias. Unaired episode of Himouto! Umaru-chan included with the manga's seventh compiled volume. musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive.  Fifteen-year-old Komori Shuri is a junior high school girl who is too nice to decline requests. Constantly doing favors for other people has given her incredible strength?! But even so, she is also an adolescent junior high school girl. An anime overflowing with the ups and downs of everyday life! (Source: Batoto, edited) The West Japan Railway Company (JR West) began streaming a 15-second commercial for its "Natsu ga Zoku Zoku! Natsu Kazoku! Summer Train!" (Summer is Thrilling! Summer Family! Summer Train!) campaign on Tuesday. The commercial shows a family taking a JR West bullet train line for their summer vacation. (Source: ANN) Anime shorts that offer a secret candid look at the daily lives of Monster Musume. The shorts will update almost every weekday, but each short will be available for 24 hours only. The weekends will have a digest version summarizing the week's videos. (Source: ANN) Life at the Rainy Color café can never be described as boring. The arrival of the Koga brothers from England—Noel, always brimming with curiosity, and Nicola, somewhat shy and conservative—ensures that their sibling, café manager Shion, is kept on his toes. There's also another newcomer, cameraman/photographer Jun Arisawa, who holds a mysterious connection to café owner Koji Amami. Last but not least, there's a special photograph that incites all kinds of heartfelt and comedic reactions from the Rainy Color crew! (Source: YTV) After many years of dormant rest, a hot springs fairy awakens in modern-day Japan. However, while she slept, she took on the appearance of a young girl. She decides to cooperate with the locals whilst trying to regain her powers. (Source: LiveChart) Joint campaign by NHK and Advertising Council Japan. A commissioned anime by the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Jibanyan introduces the attractions of the four main islands of Hawaii. The short features new Hawaiian versions of youkai. The famous locales in Hawaii featured include Kauai's Waimea Canyon, Oahu's Diamond Head, Maui's Waikiki Beach, and Hawaii's Haleakalā National Park. The youkai and kids try local cuisine and shopping. (Source: ANN)  These shorts, included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases, take place in a timeline with multiple Umaru-chans. The autobiographical manga utilizes both drawings and photos of cats to chronicle the life of a woman who lives by herself in order to live with her cats. She is described as a "himono-onna," a Japanese slang word that means "a woman who is proper in public but lazy at home." (Source: ANN)  An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard. Unaired episode included in Blu-ray and DVD sets. A and B have never met each other, but there is a thread that ties them together. (Source: Official website) This "slow-life anime" is part of the datsuryoku-kei (ennui-style) genre of comedy that depicts the minutiae of everyday life. The series observes the daily lives of Heroes from the worlds of Tezuka Production and Tatsunoko Production, "evolved" for their modern TV appearances, and combines motion-captured improvised acting with computer animation into a series of comedy shorts. (Source: ANN) Third season of Miss Monochrome: The Animation . Anime shorts created by Studio 4℃ as a collaboration with the Japan Kanji Aptitude Test. A special of the Ojarumaru series. Unaired episode of Danchigai included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume. The series focuses on a professional boxer who chooses to become a manga artist after sustaining an injury. The man takes in two cats: Kuro, who is very timid, and her younger sister Chin. (Source: Livechart) Extra episode bundled with the second Blu-ray and DVD volume of Wakaba*Girl . Peeping Life collaboration with Kaijuu Sakaba, a real tavern where kaijuu costumes from the Ultraman franchise are on display. Events are held where people can dine with the actors dressed in the kaijuu costumes. This Peeping Life collaboration was in honor of Kaijuu Sakaba's grand re-opening in Kawasaki and opening of a second tavern in Osaka and focuses on the kaijuu's daily lives outside of fighting Ultraman. PVs for Asia University Department of Urban Innovation. The 1st video follows a student (played by Miho Tabata) in the department's program as she pursues her dream of building modern, comfortable cities through college lectures and interactive seminars. She goes on to study at Western Washington University in the U.S., a popular destination for Asian students studying overseas. At the video's end she has attained her dream by consulting on construction of a Japanese-themed shopping mall in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia ("I'm building a town here that will make people happy!"). (Source: ANN) Fukushima Gainax's commissioned commercials for TOHO Bank. The series involves Sayaka Hinata, an overly-energetic new bank employee (voiced by Sarah Emi Bridcutt), and her beleaguered boss, Mitsuya (voiced by Tomokazu Sugita). (Source: Crunchyroll) The earth shook. The sea roared. A far greater disaster followed. And then... There is a small house solitary standing by the seaside. A pigtail-braided girl is living there alone since that day. Mail is no longer delivered, but even this morning she's hanging out the laundry as usual. She's unaware that all around her, the clothes-pegs are quarreling, the pillow argues with the umbrella about the outside world, and the new toothbrush is unsuccessfully trying to be polite with the silent, old ones. Do things exist to be used until they are consumed or broken? Are they afraid of being thrown away once their life cycle is complete? (Source: AniDB) NTV's ZIP! and Peeping Life collaboration. Completely unscripted dialogue between NTV's announcers Mika Oguma and Taichi Masu and Peeping Life's Otaku-kun. SAT (Union Forest Company's Security division) and Peeping Life collaboration. Our lives in the real world stand at the crossroads of countless decisions. The characters of this film – Maro and Crow, the department chief Ms. Kim, Sweet Potato and Titi, Ye-mi and Gang-bo – live in an imaginary animated world, but they face the real life concerns that confront all of us. This story takes a funny yet bittersweet look at the vast gulf between the reality and ideals of our lives at different moments – before we make a choice, during the process of choosing, and after a choice has been made. (Source: Korean Film Biz Zone) Shorts focusing on the daily life of a human and their cat. The series focuses on the staff of the Keihime Railway Company. A variety of shorts centering around a suave banana. Based on a toy franchise published by the Banpresto gaming company. An Isuzu (truck company) commissioned short from Tekken about a freight truck driver who takes pride in his work.
