Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azali. Unable to control the sword's power, Azali was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azali found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azali and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azali to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself Orphen, leaving the Tower and his magical studies behind to wander the world... (Source: ANN) Kagetsu, a member of the Kouga tribe, is in the period of his life when he has to decide wich sex he wants to be. His feelings toward his sensei gets him to think seriously about it. Kohryu, another member of the tribe, wants to convince Kagetsu of going back to live with the tribe, leaving his sensei behind. During that time, evil spirits are starting to threaten the village and both Kagetsu and his sensei. A very short introduction used before the first five theatrical Pokemon movies, narrated by Brock. It introduces the "World of Pokemon," and tells the viewer about Ash Ketchum's journey. Features some redone animation from the first episode. From out of the fires of space he was born... Kongo, a monkey made of stone, magically brought to life. Obsessed with a desire to learn and a need to be great, Kongo leaves his "family" on Flower Fruit Mountain in search of ancient knowledge and arcane wisdom. Not content to merely study and learn the mystical arts, Kongo masters the magic Jet Cloud, the first of his great weapons. With the power of the Jet Cloud, Kongo gains mastery of the air and returns to his adopted home just in time. Humans are laying claim to the monkeys` ancestral home. With his Jet Cloud and his newly-learned magical wisdom, Kongo defeats the humans and proclaims himself King of Flower Fruit Mountain. But in the Celestial Heavens, the gods are uneasy. A monkey defeating humans and declaring himself king? That cannot be allowed! They decide the monkeys must be taught a lesson and so they launch an attack on Kongo and all the monkeys of Flower Fruit Mountain. (Source: AniDB) Miz plans to retire as a Great Priestess of Water to married life with her darling Fujisawa and as replacement the young Qawoor Towles arrives to Floristica. Jinnai sees Qawoor's initiation ceremony as a chance to infiltrate Makoto's laboratory but accidentally activates a mysterious thingy that sends them all through the dimensions to a grey industrial city protected by a huge castle in an alternative world. (Source: ANN) In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war. (Source: ANN) Time has come to a standstill. A whale appears from a glassy ocean and spends half a day soaring gracefully across the skies. What makes this works extraordinary is the artist's decision to use the transparency and visual bulk of 3D computer graphics only for the un-moving ocean and glaciers. The people, whale, and ships are all hand-drawn, and with this contrast, he invites the viewer into a different world. This is a poem written in animation, the creation of a true fantasy. This project was a considerable under taking, and the results are marvelous. (Source: ANN) The year is 2023 and Alien Beings known as "Lucifer Hawks" have begun invading earth from another dimension. All that stands between them and the enslavement of the human race is the Attacked Mystification Police Department - a special division of the Tokyo Police staffed by women with amazing paranormal abilities. (Source: ANN)  In a time when demons rule the world and mankind seeks freedom, human rebels gain control of the demon-slaying sword Tenmaken and attempt to assassinate the Demon King Janus. To preserve the sovereignty of her homeland, the half-human, half-demon Princess Hiro must overcome her deep hatred of the humans or face a war that will ravage the entire world! (Source: AniDB) Based on the manga by Yama Miyuki. Based on the Best-Selling Comics From CPM Manga! The traveling musical group The Pussycats is the hottest thing around. Lou, Kei and Sonya are three, sexy singers with a legion of screaming fans in every town. But these pussycats have claws. Singers by day, assassins by night. Unbeknownst to their fans, The Pussy Cats are also The Midnight Panthers—female assassins who will kill anyone if the price is right! Their next target is a despotic king who rules by fear and crushes dissension with an iron fist. But for one of the Panthers, it's not just another job... it's personal. (Source: AniDB) In the pre-WWII era, Nakano Naval Academy's special school for girls is codenamed "Virgin Fleet". These girls are gifted with a special form of power known as "Virgin Energy". With the fear of another Russo-Japanese war imminent, rookie pilot Shiokaze Umino must hone her powers to save Japan from complete destruction. (Source: AniDB) Miura Kyoji, a dedicated kendo student, discovers that his shisho (master) Tate Masanari is a reincarnated Incan warrior named Yawaru who wishes to destroy the world to purify it. Kyoji himself is the warrior Bilka, who foiled Yawaru's plans in their previous lives. Yawaru gathers other awakened spirits to release the powers of nature. Now Koyji must wrestle with his own fate and decide if he is merely a vessel for the reincarnated soul or if he is truly Miura Kyoji and which will be better able to save the world and the future as he knows it. (Source: ANN) Many years have passed since that shining example of knightly virtue, Takeru, performed his heroic deeds. Now it falls to his son, Kakeru, to save the kingdom from encroaching evil. The forces of Lucifon, ruler of the eastern realm of Reimling are on the march, preceded by a black mist that turns everyone it touches to stone. Led by the mysterious Eto, Kakeru and his (mostly female and scantily clad) friends must take the fight into the very heart of Lucifon's empire or become statues for his garden. (Source: AniDB) One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN) Five years after the death of the Emperor of Marmo in the War of Heroes, Parn is now the Free Knight of Lodoss, he and his old allies now famous through the land. However, the Emperor's right-hand man, Ashram, seeks the scepter of domination to re-unify Lodoss under his former leader's banner. Meanwhile, beyond his attempts at conquest lies a more sinister force beginning to set the stage for the resurrection of the goddess of death and destruction... (Source: ANN)    It is the 25th century. The dark lord has 'infected' history with time-devices that could damage history beyond repair. Flint and his father lived in the prehistorics when they got turned into fossiles. They are discovered and Flint ges turned back to his original state. With the help of his father, a boy Tony and a girl Sara he has to travel trough time to bring the time-devices back to the land of time so history will be saved. (Source: ANN) Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Nobi Nobita is a 4th-grade boy in Tokyo. One day, a round, blue cat-style robot (minus ears) pops up in his desk drawer. Nobita's great-great-grandson (or something) lives in the 22nd Century, but thanks to Nobita's mistakes, the entire family is living in poverty. To rectify this, Nobita's descendant sends Doraemon back to the past, to help prevent Nobita from making mistakes. Of course this is a difficult task since Nobita is the weakest and least intelligent child in his class. Doraemon does, however, have a 4-dimensional pocket on his front, which contains cool gadgets from the future. With these toys, Doraemon will try to help Nobita. Unfortunately, Nobita also has the bad habit of misusing Doraemon's gadgets and landing himself in yet more trouble! (Source: AnimeNfo)  Movie version of the Doraemon: Come Back Doraemon Special. Finding a treasure is always been so hard! But, nothing is ever impossible for Doraemon and his magic tool. And so, with the help of Doraemon, Nobita and the rest of the gang set sail on a ship to find treasure on an islands. However on their way to the island, the ships have almost been destroyed and resulting Nobita to stray on an island with a young pirate while Doraemon and the rest of the gang somehow involved in a war between pirates.And so, their adventure begins... A double feature based on a best-selling children's books by Makiko Sato. Kyoushitsu wa Obake ga Ippai is about a boy named Dai-kun how tries to overcome his fear of ghosts when the Haunted House at his school festival turns out to be filled with real ghosts. Boku wa Yuusha da zo is about a boy named Hiro-kun who loves Hero video games and ends up switching places with one. A simple story of a the fairy Bonyo Bonyo being born from a lotus flower and making friends with frogs. Kitty and Mimmy go to the south islands for summer vacation. There they meet an old man that seems familiar (aka Santa-san). Will the old man's secret be found out? A dispute between young band members and an unfortunate choice of melody inadverdently draws them all into the demonic horror known as  the desert-god Gandalla. Our story is set in another world, parallel to ours. We meet Pastel, an orphan girl, 18 years old, who lives with a group of adventurers in a small house. Pastel works as a writer and also a "mapper", charting towns, the countryside, rivers and mountains with sketches and illustrations. She is highly respected by her friends as her intelligence and honesty are extraordinary. Living in the house with Pastel, we meet Clay, a young swordsman; Trapp, the son of a bandit chieftain; Kitton, literally a working dictionary and a descendant of the Family Kittons; Knoll, a big guy a with tender heart; Whitey, a baby dragon; and Rumy, an infant sorcerer of the tribe "Elf." Together this odd group become involved in many mysterious adventures from treasure hunting, to searching for a missing person, to challenging a riddle, to many more unexpected quests. (Source: Enoki Films USA) Born from the corpse of his mother, a young mercenary known only as Guts, embraces the battlefield as his only means of survival. Day in and day out, putting his life on the line just to make enough to get by, he moves from one bloodshed to the next. After a run-in with the Band of the Hawk, a formidable troop of mercenaries, Guts is recruited by their charismatic leader Griffith, nicknamed the "White Hawk." As he quickly climbed the ranks in order to become the head of the offensive faction, Guts proves to be a mighty addition to Griffith's force, taking Midland by storm. However, while the band's quest for recognition continues, Guts slowly realizes that the world is not as black-and-white as he once assumed. Set in the medieval era, Berserk is a dark, gritty tale that follows one man's struggle to find his own path, while supporting another's lust for power, and the unimaginable tragedy that begins to turn the wheels of fate. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The only thing that concerns Coji Coji is enjoying life and the wonders of nature. Coji Coji’s friends, on the other hand, are a varied bunch of colorful characters whose many idiosyncrasies have a tendency to create turmoil among one another. Coji Coji’s carefree ways and tendency to shirk responsibility are sometimes a source of frustration, but his childlike wisdom has a way of resolving all of their differences. (Source: AniDB) Prince Pietro is the half-human, half-dragon prince of the kingdom of Popolocrois.  After the evil GamiGami tries (unsuccessfuly, as ever) to take over the Kingdom, a mysterious girl named Hyuu appears in the forest near Popolocrois Castle, which is the beginning of an adventure for Pietro, his witch friend Narcia, and all their friends.  Set following the events of the first Popolocrois game. In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN) The civilians of the Crayon Kingdom have always view their Princess Silver as a twelve-year old girl with a beautiful smile. However, unknown to them, the princess has 12 bad habits. This has created much distress to the Chameleon Prime Minister and the Crayon ministers for it would be embarassing if this gets out. One day, a party was held to celebrate Princess Silver's twelvth birthday. The princess was trying to seek her Prince Charming that she forgot to take notice of her bad habits. One of the boys at the party was so angry that he changed Silver's parents, the King and Queen, into stone. In order to break the curse and save her parents, Silver decided to set on a journey to locate the boy. Together with her companions, Silver begins her adventure. While Luffy and his crew of Zoro and Nami are starving on their small boat, they are attacked by a large monster. Nami is taken away, while Luffy and Zoro wash up on shore. There they meet a young girl, Medaka, and learn of the sad history of the island. The evil Pirate Ganzack has taken away all the men in the village and enslaved them, including Medaka's father. Now Luffy, Zoro, and Medaka must infiltrate Ganzack's base in order to rescue the villagers and Nami. (Source: ANN) Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the first series and contains Christmas Night & Kanga Games. Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It was a successful science experiment gone horribly wrong. When a team of scientists discovers the DNA of the ancient Pokémon Mew, they harnessed the potential within it in an attempt to create the ultimate living weapon. With advanced cloning techniques and resources provided to them by Team Rocket crime syndicate leader Giovanni, the scientists succeed in creating the powerful psychic Pokémon, Mewtwo. Pokemon: Mewtwo no Gyakushuu reveals the terrifying power of Mewtwo as he learns that not only was he created to be an experiment, but also to be a tool for Giovanni’s sinister dealings. Breaking free of his control, Mewtwo creates his own island fortress and reconstructs the cloning technology that gave life to him. Under the guise of being a master Pokémon trainer, Mewtwo lures the best trainers in the world to his base. Among these trainers are Ash Ketchum, his loyal Pokémon Pikachu, and their friends Brock and Misty. United together, human and Pokémon alike, they must not only discover the hidden secret of Mewtwo's plans, but stand against his terrifying might. If they fail, Mewtwo’s vengeance will not only lead to tyranny over all the Pokemon, but also the extinction of the human race. Yuugi is a somewhat frail young boy who happens to be a big fan of gaming of any kind. But when he solves an ancient egyptian puzzle he is granted all the powers of darkness. Now when confronted with danger and injustice, he transforms into a much darker and dangerous form, and proceeds to dish out the justice and punishment for those who so richly deserve it. (Source: AnimeNfo) Ash and his friends arrive at a Pokémon-only park. They set all their Pokémon loose and, after Ash tells Pikachu to watch over Togepi, they enter for a day of fun and relaxation. Unfortunately, it's not going to turn out the way they had hoped. (Source: Serebii) Tasuke Shichiri is the envy of his friends because since his parents are always traveling he can do as he pleases. It's a surprise present from his father that keeps him from being lonely: an odd ring known as the shitenrin. From it comes a moon goddess named Shaorin, dedicated to protecting her "master" -- no matter how much of a mess she makes doing it!  In the land of Kuruda, warriors with magical powers and incredible fighting skills battle for the ultimate prize: the title of Sevaar, the strongest warrior in the land. Elle Ragu, nicknamed Shadow Skill, is the newest Sevaar to emerge, but that doesn't make her life any easier. Teaching her "little brother," Gau, how to be a warrior, fending off assassins from other kingdoms and thwarting enemy invasions is hard enough, but her biggest challenge will be paying off her drinking debts. (Source: ANN) Long time ago, there was peace until the giants decide to wake up after years and years of slumber.The three priestesses sisters who were guarding their shrine had to retreat to seek help and who better to ask Maze for help. (Source: Maze Of The Haze) Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent are enjoying a meal in a villiage when the residents suddenly retreat indoors and two armies - one of men and one of a young girl and a tribe of dragons. Although the ruler of the town originally tries to convince Lina that this is because of a dark legacy, in truth the dragon army is led by his daughter and their battles are over her allowance. Lina agrees to help the ruler while Naga joins his daughter, Marlene. (Source: ANN) Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live. A foolish clumsy angel came to the human world to help a very unlucky boy. But more accidents are then created... Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head. (Source: ANN) A fun day at the amusement park is interrupted when the evil witch Dana is reawakened. Queen Yae has sent her after Rika and only the Doll Knights can stop this threat. Meanwhile, Dai and the others must deal with other dangers. (Source: ANN) Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the second series and contains Winter Games & Stantler's Little Helpers. Thousands of years ago, it was a time of witchcraft and dark magic. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of the mighty dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles, and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The human world is on the verge of utter destruction. A bold mission is planned by the Confederation of the Immortal Masters. They send a young master wizard to hunt down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands. (Source: ANN) A greedy collector, Lawrence III, wants to capture the legendary Pokemon, Lugia. But in order to do so, he must capture the Titans of Fire, Ice, and Lightning. The titans are powerful bird-like Pokemon, and if they are disturbed they will wage a war against eachother which will ultimately result in earth's destruction. Ash, Misty, and Tracey get caught up in the situation when they end up being washed ashore onto Shamouti Island. Soon after, Ash meets a girl named Melody who sends him into a mission where he must collect the 3 Orbs which will quell the fighting, but first Ash must gain help from the Beast of the Sea, Lugia, if he's to suceed. (Source: ANN) Yorn gazes up at two massive cities floating in the sky and dreams of discovering their mysteries. Without warning, those mysteries come looking for him. Edenic assassins murder his father and Yorn is next on the hit list. A nameless old man and a mysterious young girl help Yorn on his quest to find his long-lost mother and the truth. Known as the God Hunter, Yorn leads a race against the dark designs of the technological overlords. Ruthless sorcerer Chivas Scotch is hired by a count named Cuttlefish to destroy an evil monster attacking a nearby village. But things go awry when Chivas fails to destroy the monster and he's forced to transfer his spirit in the body of his beautiful servant Gin Fizz. (Source: ANN) A normal looking high school girl on the outside, Kusakabe Maron is actually the reincarnation of Jeanne d' Arc. With the help of the angel, Fin Fish, Maron works as the thief Jeanne at night to seal the demons that reside in pieces of artwork, preying upon the weak hearts of the owners. She is branded as a thief due to the fact that the artworks disappear after she seals the demons. One day, a new neighbor and classmate appears, as well as a rival in her night job, the thief Sinbad. With her own best friend being the detective's daughter, out to capture her and the appearance of her new rival, Maron's work is anything but easy. Prince Alexander, son of King Philip, and heir to the Macedonian empire, must fend off political saboteurs, assassins, and the jealousy of his own father to ascend to the position of king. Once there, he begins his quest to conquer all nations and become known as the Great King, though an ancient prophecy foretells that he will be the destroyer of the world and forever remembered as the Devil King. (Source: ANN) Genki is a boy who loves playing video games. One day he's zapped into the world of Monster Rancher and meets the girl Holly and the monsters Mochi, Suezo, Golem, Tiger and Hare. Together, they are searching for a way to revive the Phoenix, which is the only monster capable of stopping the evil Moo. (Source: ANN) Shu is a typical Japanese boy, but has an unbeatable, optimistic and determined attitude. However, when he sees a mysterious girl with strange eyes named Lala-Ru up on a smokestack, he is soon pulled into a strange desert world. Shu soon discovers the true terrors of war, which includes genocide, brutal torture, hunger, thirst, and child exploitation. Now Shu is trying to save Lala-Ru, as well as his hard earned, and often reluctant, new friends from the insane dictator, Hamdo. Whether Shu can possibly accomplish saving those he cares about while still holding up to his values remains to be seen. (Source: ANN) This is the first recapitulation episode, covering the first five episodes with only the difference being that the episode follows the manga storyline and begins with Luffy and Shanks at the bar. Also, in the ending, the current Straw Hats have a small conversation about their goals. (Source: One Piece Wikia) An ancient legend tells of a magical Powerstone that granted its owner any wish desired. Adventurers from all over the globe clash as they seek this mystical gem. Based upon the Dreamcast game, POWERSTONE tries to entertain us with the story behind the game's premise. The plot begins with our hero, Fokker, training to be a fighter like his idol, Vargas. (Source: AniDB) "Blue Eyes White Dragon will bring victory" while "Red Eyes Black Dragon will bring the potential of victory". A shy duelist stumbles upon the legendary Red Eyes Black Dragon, with that card in his possession, he must learn to bring out his confidence to duel. (Source: ANN) The legend has survived for generation. The Words Worth tablet, which will unlock the secrets of the Universe for the one who can decipher it, has been shattered. The warring tribes of Light and Shadow blame each other, and their accusations lead to all out war! Astral, the undisciplined heir to the throne of the Shadow Forces, lusts for his bride-to-be, Sharon. But Sharon, an accomplished warrior herself, feels her body drawn toward Caesar, the Shadow Tribe`s bravest swordsman. Sharon battles alongside Caesar during an assault by the Light Forces, and her ferocious beauty captivates Sir Fabris, the leader of the Tribe of Light. Fabris` army loses the battle, but he vows that he will one day get Sharon into his bed, the hard way, if necessary. Meanwhile, Astral takes his sexual frustrations out on Maria, a Light Tribe sorceress who has been taken captive. As Astral penetrates Maria, Sir Fabris prepares to launch a penetration of his own: a full-scale attack on the Tribe of Shadow! (Source: AnimeNfo) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  In a small village overlooking the scenic Himalayas, a young boy, Suruya, receives a letter from a princess. It was a heartbreaking cry for help. So Suruya who is not the most courageous of boys, sets out to rescue a princess and along the way, through his adventures, he manages to find the courage to carry out his mission. Bucky, the protagonist of the history, is a normal boy that lives in the first world. He lives with a single and humble ambition: to dominate the world (in the sense of the whole planet). He is very certain and he would certainly die to reach his dream. One day he meets with Spark, the Great Child of Primas (World One). Spark is known as the strongest Great Child of all of the worlds, and he is a successor's search. After finding Bucky and talk a little with him, Spark without apparent reason choose Bucky his successor. Bucky has just become a Great Child and to win the company of Jibaki, the spirit of the first world. (Source: Wikipedia) It all starts when Gokudou steals a pouch from a fortuneteller, thinking that it contains a gem. Instead, it turns out to be a rock, from which emerges Djinn. The genie grants Gokudou the standard three wishes, but our anti-hero doesn't think heavily about his wishes. Gokudou does get his wishes, though not exactly in the fashion that he expected. The best thing he gets out of his wishes is Honou no Maken, a magical sword that enables its owner to do fire attacks and it can be summoned from anywhere in the world. Even with an enchanted sword, Gokudou doesn't get much respect. He gets turned into a woman by Djinn, who is also a shapeshifter. He is followed by Rubette La Late, a potential love interest who is more interested in adventure, karaoke and outperforming Gokudou. He gets whapped on the head a lot, especially by the fortuneteller who reappears throughout the series just to plague Gokudou it seems. Later in the series, he gets another sidekick, a former evil magician named Prince, who is more handsome and a better womanizer than Gokudou. (Source: AnimeNfo)  Nobita and Doraemon travel into the future to see whether or not Nobita will marry Shizuka. Once they arrive, they find out that instead of travelling to the day of the wedding, they travelled to the day before the wedding. Afterwards, the pair follow the future Nobita and his friends as they try to return a lost cat to its owner. (Source: ANN) After bragging about receiving a space trip ticket from his father, Suneo concedes they would have to wait quite a while until they can actually go. So, Nobita and co. turns to Doraemon for it, but they were given a space simulation game to play together instead. Unfortunately an accident with another gadget occurred, leaving Suneo and Giant trapped inside the game, only to be picked up by someone from outer space. Nobita, Shizuka and Doraemon then pursued the UFO that has the game inside it which took them all to a real space adventure. (Source: ANN) Animation of a very popular novel series by the writer WAKAGI Mio (若木未生), also adapted as a manga by MORI Makoto (杜 真琴), serialised in LaLa. The novels feature illusatrations by KOUGA Yun (高河 ゆん), and the character designs for the anime are based on these. The OVA is an original story that includes the early parts of the novels. Long ago... going back several centuries, there was a war between the Kuu no mono (空の者) and the You no mono (妖の者) that divided the heaven and earth. 900 years ago, the commander of the Kuu no mono, Kara-ou sealed in the commander of You no mono, Kuna-hi, sacrificing his own life to do so. And this present day, when You no mono has begun to be active again, Kara-ou is reborn as Shinobu Saiga. Coming back to earth, he has begun to make his move again to subdue the You no mono with his aide Kiba. Ryosuke Sakiya is a first year student attending Kouryo High School who has extraordinarily strong psychic powers. He was always hearing and seeing things ordinary people could not. He has a special aura around him and perhaps because of it, he ends up being targeted by the You no mono. One day, when he is on a date at the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, he is attacked by a strange power and is saved by the Jutsusha (術士 lit. "skilled ones") Jukyuro Satomi and Kisara Izumi. Jutsusha are people who have inherited supernatural powers of Kuu no mono to subdue You no mono who harm people. Ryosuke escapes without any injuries, but cannot resist becoming involved in the battles between these two forces. (Source: AniDB)  Di Gi Charat is a series of shorts created as advertisements for "Digital Gamers", a store in Akihabara. The series follows Dejiko, princess of Di Gi Charat planet, and her companions, Puchiko and Gema, as well as Dejiko's rival, Rabi~en~Rose through daily ordeals they encounter while working at Gamers. Princess Di Gi Charat came from the planet Di Gi Charat given only a cat cap and an outfit to disguise herself. Unfortunately she came with no money, only her guardian Gema and friend Petite Charat. Luckily the three stumbled upon a manager of the store Gamers, who offered them a home if they worked at the store. However Di Gi Charat is a selfish young girl who wishes of becoming a star. (Source: ANN) A brother and sister discover the digital world is more than 1s and 0s when a living creature arrives out of the family computer. The adventures of a group of children start with the appearance of a Digital Monster in the real world. (Source: ANN) Cain Asbell was an unremarkable guy until he rescued Princess Charlotte. He goes from pauper to Lord, but there's a catch. Cain has to make his land the most prosperous in the country within 5 years. If he fails, he'll lose everything. But if he succeeds, Cain will gain the Princess Charlotte's hand in marriage. During his quest for success, he faces slavers and bandits. But being a Lord isn't all bad -- he has the right to choose any woman he wants to go to bed with him. This anime is based on a playstation game under the same title. The story is about four people who travel the desolated land of Filgaea and carve themselves a legendary story while they're at it. These adventurers are Sheyenne Rainstorm, a gunslinger who holds the legendary weapon called ARMs; Kiel Aromax, a scientist who looks like he should be carrying a sword; Roleta Oratorio the Crest Sorceress, a magic-user who uses cards called Crests to cast spells; and Mirabelle Graceland, one of the Noble Red, which are a family of vampiric creatures who live alongside human beings They also travel with cute little intelligent furry things, from the Popepi Pipepo Tribe, named Isaac and Jerusha. (Source: AniDB) High school student Himiko Himejima finds her life change forever when a mysterious flame appears before her one day. Along with her schoolmate Kutani Masahiko, Himiko is transported by the flame to an ancient kingdom known as Yamatai. The Yamatai kingdom has recently come under the attack of the Kune empire during its ritual to select a queen among six candidates. As the evil general of Kune creates an army of undead for power, the six queen candidates lead a resistance force to overthrow the Kune empire. Himiko and Kutani soon find themselves fighting alongside the queen candidates to save the kindgom. With some new-found power, Himiko and Kutani slowly realize their links to the ancient world and discover the power of the sacred flame. (Source: ANN) It's winter vacation and Sakura wins a trip to Hong Kong. Kero, skeptic of her luck in lotteries, questions whether she was merely lucky or was she summoned to Hong Kong upon inevitability. As Sakura strolls through Hong Kong's Bird Street, she senses an evil force calling to her. On chasing two strange birds, she is lead to a phantom world where she learns she was actually made to come to Hong Kong by a woman, Madoushi, who apparently wants revenge on Clow Reed. With Syaoran's mother, Yelan's help and the guidance from Clow Reed's voice, she must fight Madoushi and rescue her friends and loved ones, who have been captured. Presented in the form of a feverish love dream, 1001 Nights (based on Amano`s book of artwork) is the first performance of the groundbreaking "Filmharmonic" series, which presents new orchestral works by film composers in tandem with short films made by A-list directors. Nights is the series's only animated work, and plans originally called for the film to be completely computer animated. (Source: AniDB) While exploring ruins on Angel Island, a doctor finds a myserious newborn bird called Kyoro-chan. Together they form a bond and decide to travel the world together. Three years later when the Doctor and Kyoro-chan try to return to Angel Island they become shipwrecked from a storm. Kyoro-chan was able to make it safely to the island but the Doctor was nowhere to be found. Kyoro-chan prays for his safety and hope he returns as he now starts his new life on Angel Island. In a loose retelling of the Revolutionary Girl Utena TV series, Utena Tenjou arrives at Ohtori Academy, only to be immediately swept up in a series of duels for the hand of her classmate Anthy Himemiya and the power she supposedly holds. At the same time, Utena reunites with Touga Kiryuu, a friend from her childhood who seems to know the secrets behind the duels. Utena must discover those secrets for herself, before the power that rules Ohtori claims her and her friends, new and old. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and friends must rescue lost Togepi. (Source: Bulbapedia) Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] More adventures of Bikkuriman. The story follows Elk, a bounty hunter in some strange futuristic world. On this world archaic but advanced technology exists side by side with primitive attitudes, beasts and magic. In other words it's got a bit of everything. It also has an evil conspiracy who are able to produce powerful monsters called chimera, who can also appear as human. Naturally it is not long before Elk has rescued a young female beast-master and gained himself some serious enemies. (Source: ANN) When a group of kids head out for summer camp, they don't expect it to snow in the middle of July. Out of nowhere, the kids receive strange devices which transport them to a very different world to begin their Digimon Adventure ! Led by the plucky Taichi Yagami, the seven children must now survive in a realm far from home, filled with monsters and devoid of other humans. Luckily, they're not alone: each child is paired off with a companion digital monster called a Digimon. Together, the children and their new friends must overcome their insecurities, discover their inner strengths, and evolve into stronger fighters - literally. A force of evil is spreading through the Digital World, corrupting all the Digimon. The DigiDestined have arrived and it’s up to them to save the Digital World, if they ever want to see their home world again. Yuusuke was just a normal kid going to high school. Then one day, the cute and behaloed Noelle fell, quite literally, into his life, naked as a baby and every bit as innocent. Before he can even fathom what's just happened, Yuusuke is inducted into a rather odd family of otherworldly beings. Papa is a Frankenstein monster with a taste for calisthenics. Mama is a gorgeous lady with a penchant for "round objects" -- really! The eldest sister, Sara, is literally invisible; the brother, Gabriel, is a teenage vampire with an attitude problem; and the youngest sister, Ruka, loves inventing things. There's a disapproving Grandma, who's a witch to the nth degree, and her vulture familiar. All Yuusuke wanted was for the beautiful Natsumi to even notice his attention, but now he has an angel-in-training to follow him wherever he goes. And Noelle, too, has a guide on her path to being an angel, the mysterious Michael. (Source: AnimeNfo) One hundred years after their deaths at the hands of a former colleage, six legendary holy warriors are reborn to seek justice against the teammate who betrayed them into the hands of an evil god. Based upon one of the most popular video games of all time, Samurai Shodown is a sprawling feature-length saga of reincarnation and revenge, featuring some of the most spectacular battle sequences ever animated! Join Charlotte, Wan Fu, Nakoruru, Galford and Tamtam as they search the feudal province of Edo questing for their lost comrade, Haohmaru, and their sworn nemesis Shirou Amakusa. Will the followers of the divine light triumph over the forces of the dark, or is the course of history destined to repeat itself? Before their hundred-year journey has ended, six samurai will prove that the only thing stronger than their holy blades is the steel of their wills! (Source: AniDB) A short anime directed by Yuasa Masaaki with Production IG, distributed on VHS as a bonus to a video game magazine subscription.  The main character is a Slime from the Dragon Quest video games. On the island of Okinawa, driven by his kindhearted nature, a boy named Ray determines to stop the destruction of the island's natural forests and coral reef, no matter what he has to give. What will he give to stop a tidal wave from killing the island's people? Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head. (Source: ANN) Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the third and last series and contains Delibird's Dilemma, Snorlax Snowman & Trouble in Big Town. The Straw Hats encounter a city in the middle of a whirlpool, called the Ocean's Navel, that is being destroyed by giant monsters. These monsters supposedly protect a treasure capable of granting wishes, but in the process of defeating these guardians, the crew ends up releasing another evil.  (aired after Episode 53) (Source: Wikipedia) Mii Snowdon is left on her own after her father disappears while investigating the mysterious letter-shaped pokemon called the Unown. The only clue to her father's disappearance is a box containing several tiles. While playing with these tiles, Mii makes a wish to see her father again, and this wish awakens the Unown—who summon the lion-like, legendary pokemon Entei to act as her father. Meanwhile, Satoshi heads to Greenfield with his faithful pokemon companion, Pikachu, to meet with his friends, Kasumi and Takeshi. When they reach the area, they are shocked to find the place crystallized. They quickly learn that the Unown are responsible for this, and that they will need to be defeated in order to restore Greenfield to its former beauty. The situation becomes personal when Satoshi's mother is kidnapped by Entei. To discover why his mother was taken away, Satoshi, along with his friends and pokemon, must travel the crystallized landscape to confront Entei and the Unown. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the world of Mushrambo , human life has all but come to an end. After a deadly virus threatened the extinction of mankind, a new race called the Enterrans was created to preserve life on Earth. However, relations between the Enterrans and their creators did not remain peaceful. Soon a war broke out with the Enterrans fighting against the humans and their robots. Ultimately the Enterrans were the victors of this conflict, renaming Earth as Enterra in honor of their victory. Before the last vestiges of humanity fell, one of the few remaining scientists put his daughter, Yakumo Shindou, into a sleep chamber. His hope was that his daughter would one day reawaken and find the human sanctuary known as Shinzo, reviving humanity and restoring peace between humans and Enterrans. Centuries have passed since the war; Yakumo now awakens and meets an Enterran named Mashura who pledges to assist in her quest. Also joined by the Enterrans Sago and Kutal, the group must now work to locate Yakumo's missing memories and locate Shinzo. But not every Enterran is as kind as Yakumo's new friends and some are prepared to commit any atrocity to prevent the return of humanity. It is Tokyo, 1969. Earth is under the attack of the "Invaders." Fortunately, though, the public is unaware of this. But to the secret orginazation, A.E.G.I.S., the threat is very real, and it is up them to stop this invasion. One day on his route to high school, Ukiya Shun observes a battle between a young girl and a group of Invaders. He ends up helping her and discovers that much like the girl, he possesses the ability to generate a "gate" of special power that only a few other people are gifted with. As a result, Ukiya then joins A.E.G.I.S. in an effort to recruit other Gate Keepers in order to protect the city, all while doing his best not to imitate his late father, whom he dispises. (Source: ANN) A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor. Genki is a boy who loves playing video games. One day he's zapped into the world of Monster Rancher and meets the girl Holly and the monsters Mochi, Suezo, Golem, Tiger and Hare. Continuing from where the original story left off, Genki and friends journey to conquer the legend cup in hopes of freeing Holly's father from the mystery disc. (Source: AniDB) The sorceress Kuri uses her magic to defend herself from perverted monsters and demons, but her partner, Rima, would much rather do perverted things than defend herself. When the two save a woman from a gang rape, they catch the eye of an evil Sex Queen and her dog-demons. When the sex demons release the passions of Kuri and Rima, even the duo`s formidable powers will be useless. Don`t miss it as all four girls redefine the meaning of Doggie Style! (Source: AniDB) A short film introduces Semira, a strange boy who comes to play with Ojaru and his chums and bears a marked resemblance to a boy of the same name who spent a summer with the village elders when they were boys, long ago. (Source: AnimeVice) Princess Rangiku lost her entire family to Lord Karimata, who invaded her home seeking her father's life work, puppets with unique capabilities. As her duty, Rangiku sets out with three of her father's greatest puppet warriors to seek revenge. She can manipulate these to battle the strongest of warriors, however manipulating the puppets leaves her own self vulnerable to direct attacks, so she seeks a ninja warrior named Manajiri to aid and protect her in her quest. (Source: ANN) The Team Rocket leader, Giovanni, has found Mewtwo in a remote area of the Johto region. As Giovanni tries to re-capture Mewtwo, Ash and his friends are kidnapped by Domino, a new Team Rocket member, while trying to rescue Pikachu from Jessie and James. The Clone Pokemon are also captured and are then used as bait for Mewtwo. The situation then becomes a battle between the wills of Mewtwo and Giovanni; and Mewtwo also tries to discover if it and the clones have a purpose in life, even though they are products of science. (Source: ANN) Yuko and Eri are two normal girls who are sucked into the alternate world filled with tiny people. The people of this mysterious world sees them as their "Great Protectors" who can protect their land in a time of strife. The two girls set out on a mission with a group of warriors from the village to find out how they were brought here and how might they return home. However, there is a war brewing and these two Great Protectors are the political tool that every faction lusts for to rally the people to their side. (Source: ANN) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is a tale of swords and sorcery as the young warrior-woman Tia Allbright and her hapless assistant, Luke, battle demon assassins in a fantasy land. Tia arrives on the island of Marcleida with her trusted sword 'Grandeek,' which holds a spirit within that helps her on her quests. She is soon turned away however. Determined to get on the island, Tia searches for a way past the fences that guard the entrance, as another stranger arrives on the island to take on a mysterious job. Someone has been killing the inhabitants of the island and has the ability to appear and disappear at will. Seems the sword 'Aihorn' has been stolen and the spirit that resides within it seeks vengenance on those who killed its master 50 years before. As Tia makes her way inside the island, it becomes clear that both she, and the stranger, are after the sword Aihorn, hoping to bring to an end its bloody goal. But the sword has the ability to possess the person who wields it - putting Tia and the stranger at a great disadvantage. Based on the manga by Kohime Ohse, Tia and Grandeek will have to face their most difficult challenge yet... (Source: AnimeNfo) This is the fourth original animated piece for the Tezuka Osamu Animation theatre that takes up Tezuka Osamu's message of "Saving our Fragile Earth" as its theme, and together with Unico's adventures commemorates the theatre's first anniversary. Unico, a unicorn's child, has dropped down from heaven. During her journey on the north wind, she meets Tsubasa, a tree boy who can speak. The Earth has become totally ruined to the extent that no creature can live there, because humans have drained it of all resources and destroyed the environment. Unico and Tsubasa go on a journey to find a way to make the Earth inhabitable again. They finally meet the Sphinx and the "time fairy" at the end of their hard journey. They decide to go back to the past and prevent humans from taking the wrong path. However, they can stay in the past for only five minutes. Will they be able to alter the future of the Earth in such short time? Their adventures to restore the Earth begin... (Source: Official page) The main character, Kengo, keeps having dreams of a strange world where different animal (and plant) women are being raped by strange monsters. Why is this and what is this strange dream world? Before long it will become more than just a mere dream... (Source: AniDB) When Musashi returns to his childhood home, he rekindles friendships with four beautiful young women from his youth that he'd totally forgotten about. Hidden desires give way to supernatural secrets, though, as Musashi discovers that the village he remembers hides a terrible secret that he never even imagined. Can love really conquer all? (Source: AniDB) Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Angelique... ...started as a dating simulation game for girls back in 1994 on the Super Famicom. The player took on the role of Angelique Limoges, an ordinary schoolgirl summoned to the Sanctuary of the Queen of the Cosmos. She had been chosen to compete in a contest to determine the next Queen. Angelique was clumsy and foolish in comparison to her rival, Rosalia de Cartagena, a refined girl who had been training since birth to compete in the Queen Examination. What was this Examination, anyway? The girls had to use the powers, or Sacrea, of the Queen's nine Guardians to cultivate a barren continent. The girl whose population reached the center island connecting the two continents would become the next Queen. But with the nine handsome Guardians around, it was hard to decide between power or love... Made up of 4 OVAs, each of which has multiple parts. (Source: Neo-Romance) Based on a H-game with the same title released by Cocktail Soft in 1998, With You: Mitsumeteitai focuses on love triangle between the main characters who were childhood friends. They were separated because one of them had to move to Myanmar (an Asian country formerly known as Burma). After six years, they are re-united again and the story begins... (Source: AniDB)  Nobita misses his granny that died a few years ago, so Doraemon takes Nobita to the past to see his grandmother one more time. But they face through a lot of things such as the younger selves of Nobita and his friends, and young Nobita's mother that doesn't recognize Nobita or Doraemon. (Source: Wikipedia)   Years after a young boy in America loses one of his Digimon friends, an evil viral Digimon successfully kidnaps the original Chosen Children. Their younger friends must race against time with their Digimon partners to discover the source of this new menace, and perhaps solve a years-old mystery. (Source: ANN) Animated promotional trailer for the Persona 2: Innocent Sin , a game for PlayStation. Included as a bonus on the Persona 2: Eternal Punishment Bonus Disc. A summary compilation of the Kanto season of Pocket Monsters . (Source: AniDB) Join the new legend of Guru Guru, where Nike, the reluctant hero, and Kukuri, the innocent heroine, return to save the world. The magical adventure that unfolds, with its unique monsters and eccentric characters, is sure to draw you into this curious and exciting realm. To save the world from evil King Giri, Kukuri must locate the monsters in each territory and win them, one by one, over to her side. Meanwhile Nike`s task is to be recognized by the Four Kings of Nature and collect their swords. These swords are known as the "Sword of Wind", the "Sword of Water", the "Sword of Earth" and the "Sword of Fire". Can Nike and Kukuri truly become hero and heroine? Follow their journey and find out! (Source: AniDB) During the summer holidays, Sakura and her class are preparing to present a play at the annual Nadeshiko Festival. The unexpected arrival of Syaoran (and Meiling) give Sakura the courage to finally reciprocate her feelings. But as the cards begin to disappear one by one, Sakura discovers a single cards still remains. One with power equal to all hers... It is during this summer that Sakura faces her final battle. Hitomi Kanzaki is in a very depressed mood. She only wants to sleep and fade away. Her misery summons Lord Folken who sends her to Gaea. The people of Gaea think she is the Wing Goddess, who can call upon the legendary Dragon Armor called Escaflowne. On Gaea, King Van, the sole survior of the White Dragon Clan, is also in a depressed state. Swearing an oath to get his revenge on the Black Dragon Clan that obliterated Van's kingdom, he lives by the sword. Now that the Wing Goddess has finally appeared, she posseses Gaea's world fate in her heart. Escaflowne will either lead Gaea to peace or total ruin. (Source: ANN) A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Children franchise. Woonan is the legendary Great Gold Pirate, earning the nickname after accumulating about 1/3 of the gold available in the world. Even after his disappearance, the tales of his gold being stashed away in a remote island continue to persist, a juicy target that other pirates lust for. One of the pirates going to great lengths to attain the treasure is El Drago. He and his crew have hunted down Woonan's former crew members one by one, and along the way, they find the map that will take them to the hidden island. The map is not all they come across; they also manage to come into contact with the straw hat pirates. After a short battle, Luffy and company are robbed and separated from one another. Now they must find a way to make it to the island before El Drago does and take the legendary treasure for themselves. Pikachu meets the Pichu brothers and goes on an adventure through the city with them while trying to get back to the building where the rest of Ash's Pokemon are. Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality. While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix. Isheildo is a young prince from the small country of Bosarre. Two larger nations that border Bosarre have sent their princesses to stay with Isheildo for one and a half months, hoping to gain more political power by having him marry one of them. Both are desperate for some kind of alliance and have to allow Isheildo one and a half months to decide whether he will marry Bellshil (of the east country of Rohan) or Ariel (of the West country of Gerod). Both princesses are desperate to win him over, and of course, will go to any lengths to ensure that the diplomatic relationship can be formed. (Source: ANN) Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An alternative interpretation of the series' start. The story revolves around D, the infamous "dunpeal" (born of a vampire father and a human mother) outcast and renowned vampire hunter. His prowess at hunting the creatures of the night allowing his acceptance among humans, he is called upon to locate Charlotte Elbourne, the lovely daughter of an affluent family who has been mysteriously kidnapped. When the sun sets, the hunt goes on! Charlotte`s father offers a rich bounty, be she dead or alive, a task D willingly accepts, even with notorious Markus brothers and their gang of bounty hunters seeking the prize as well. Amidst the chase and unknown to all lurks a sinister evil which has been secretly manipulating their every move and has set a chilling trap that none will expect and few will survive. With the tables turned and the secrets revealed, the hunters could quickly become the hunted! (Source: AniDB) When a group of kids head out for summer camp, they don't expect it to snow in the middle of July. Out of nowhere, the kids receive strange devices which transport them to a very different world to begin their Digimon Adventure ! Led by the plucky Taichi Yagami, the seven children must now survive in a realm far from home, filled with monsters and devoid of other humans. Luckily, they're not alone: each child is paired off with a companion digital monster called a Digimon. Together, the children and their new friends must overcome their insecurities, discover their inner strengths, and evolve into stronger fighters - literally. A force of evil is spreading through the Digital World, corrupting all the Digimon. The DigiDestined have arrived and it’s up to them to save the Digital World, if they ever want to see their home world again. Even after death, life is full of paperwork and criminals. Tsuzuki Asato is a 26 year old, happy-go-lucky, and dorky shinigami (god of death) whose job is to makes sure that those who are dead remain dead and stay in their proper realms. Even though he's had this job for over 70 years, he is in the worst division with horrible pay. He also has a knack for not keeping partners (since shinigami work in pairs), but now he seems to have one that will stick around; stubborn, smart-mouthed, serious and defensive 16 year old, Kurosaki Hisoka. With each case they investigate, they come closer to the conspiracies of the serial killer Dr. Muraki Kazutaka. Tsuzuki's relationship with Hisoka is growing stronger and closer...but there is a dark past to how Tsuzuki died that will not give him peace. (Source: ANN) It consists of nothing but Pokémon-speak--similar to the mini-movies that air with each theatrical movie. It's a short special based on life of the Pokémon Slowking. (Source: Bulbapedia and Graffitti studio) In the peaceful life of modern Japan, Shaorin and Tasuke explore their relationship amid familiar interventions and new challenges. Shaorin begins to discover why she chose to stay with Tasuke, and Tasuke begins to learn the depth of his love toward Shaorin. (Source: ANN) Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possesed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all. Doraemon and its friends open a hole in the time and they're travel to the Country of Mayana, a lost Mayan civilization in the jungle. There, Nobita will know its perfect double, prince Thio, heir to the throne. Both will decide to interchange papers to try to save to the Country of Mayana of the claws of the infernal Ledina witch and her evil forces. (Source: ANN) Young boy Amon has mysterious powers. His dad is the cheif scientist for the Empire of the Golden Snake. He's invented weapons for this country in the past, but does not want his boy's powers to be used for destruction so he burns his research and tries to escape the country with his family. The mom and dad die in the escape and only Amon is left. He runs from the military, ends up on an island where he learns about the ancient people who could fly on the wind and talk to animals (as he can). Amon then ends up in a fishermen's village and makes friends with Maria. After this village is attacked by the Golden Snake army, the two run away with a band of rebels. Together, they try to stop the Empire of the Golden Snake from destroying and conquering everything. Based on the book by C.W. Nicol. Parents who don't want to take care of their child leave parenting to the mail ordered robot "Auto Mommy" and allow their child to be raised in isolation. One day, they take a look at the monitor to check the child, and then they see the child wearing dog skin and hiding his face. This is not good, the parents think, because they can't send the child to school like this. So they make Auto Mommy peel the dog skin off the child, only to find that the child became a plant without a human face. The second title in the series of anime films by the Happy Science religion. Digimon special, Mario Kart style racing. A sixteen-year-old girl is struggling to adjust to a new step-family when seven guys appear on the scene revealing that she possesses a special magical power. Shying away from the strange group, she later joins them when a monster places her friend's life in jeopardy. Without training, she must prove herself capable to take up the sacred duty of the Pretear. They must resolve their differences and work together to defeat the evil princess intent on destruction. (Source: FUNimation) Claude C. Kenni, a crewmember on the spaceship Calnus and son of the commander of the ship, is transported to Expel, a backwards planet with swords and magic. He teams up with Rena Lanford, who thinks he is the legendary Warrior of Light, and other characters to investigate the Sorcery Globe, a meteorite that has been causing problems all over the world. (Source: ANN) Confined in the castle tower by her father, princess Arete spends her days watching the world outside her window. Sometimes she seeks out to watch the common people at work. The knights of the kingdom compete for the right to marry her and rule the land by competing to see who can find powerful magic objects made by a long dead race of sorcerers. Arete wants none of this. She longs to meet the common people and travel to exotic lands she has only seen in the books she keeps hidden under her bed. One day the sorcerer Boax arrives in a fantastic flying machine and offers to take Arete as his wife and transform her into a proper princess. (Source: ANN) At the turn of the millennium, Ginei Studio's dilapidated buildings are set to be demolished. Ex-employee and filmmaker Genya Tachibana decides to honor this occasion with a commemorative documentary about the company's star actress: Chiyoko Fujiwara, the reclusive sweetheart of Shouwa Era cinema. Having finally obtained permission to interview the retired starlet, an enamored Genya drags along cynical cameraman Kyouji Ida to meet her, ready to put his lifelong idol back in the spotlight once more. Hidden in this secluded mountain retreat is a thousand years of history condensed into one lifetime, waiting to be narrated. Chiyoko's recollections take them on an illusionary journey through Japanese cinematic history that transcends the boundaries of reality; the saga of her acting career intertwines with her filmography, the actors in her life blend seamlessly with the characters on screen, and the present melds with the past. Though the actress may have retired at the height of her career 30 years ago, the curtain on her life's stage has yet to fall. [Written by MAL Rewrite] At Daimon High School, kids settle their disputes by dueling with each other in the school's official K-Fight battle arena. Ryoko Mitsurugi, samurai girl and undefeated K-Fight champion, is called upon by a mysterious Priestess to protect the Earth from an invasion coming from the alternate universe of Solvania. She must face battles that will test her skills, her friendships, and her heart in order to find her true strength as a samurai warrior. (Source: ANN) 40 years ago, a Celebi was being attacked by a Pokemon Hunter. Luckily, a young boy named Sammy saved Celebi. Using its Time Traveling power, Celebi transported himself and Sammy 40 years into the future. There, Ash, Misty, and Brock assist Sammy to the healing lake in the forest so they can heal the wounded Celebi. Unfortunately an evil Team Rocket member, Viscious a.k.a. "The Iron Masked Marauder", tries to capture Celebi using his technology. As Ash and Co. try to get away from Viscious, they also run into Jessie, James, and Meowth, who also want to capture Celebi. Soon it becomes a race against time to get Celebi and Sammy back to the forest before Celebi is caught and is used to destroy the forest and themselves. (Source: ANN) Ai and Yu, after reading their parent's research and after their parents' disappearance, they decided to go on search for them. They ride a strange train to the Inner World in search of their parents and meets up with Lisa in the train and together they begin their journey within the Inner World. (Source: ANN) Louie, a brawny student at the mage's guild, is reluctantly accepted by three girls (Merrill-thief, Genie-fighter, and Melissa-priestess) as a companion for their adventuring party. As the foursome explore ruins, battle dark creatures, and make new friends, they also uncover a sinister plot within the kingdom. (Source: ANN) After the accident in which she lost her mother, 16-year-old Tooru moves in with her grandfather, but due to his home being renovated, is unable to continue living with him. Claiming she will find someone to stay with but also fearing the criticism of her family and not wanting to burden any of her friends, Tooru resorts to secretly living on her own in a tent in the woods. One night on her way back from work, she finds her tent buried underneath a landslide. Yuki Souma, the "prince" of her school, and his cousin Shigure Souma, a famous author, stumble across Tooru's situation and invite her to stay with them until her grandfather’s home renovations are complete. Upon arriving at the Souma house, Tooru discovers their secret: if a Souma is hugged by someone of the opposite gender, they temporarily transform into one of the animals of the zodiac! However, this strange phenomenon is no laughing matter; rather, it is a terrible curse that holds a dark history. As she continues her journey, meeting more members of the zodiac family, will Tooru's kindhearted yet resilient nature be enough to prepare her for what lies behind the Souma household's doors? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Taka (technically Tamahome) and Miaka are now happily married and only six months before their new family would be born, but an obessed girl named Mayo would do anything to make Taka hers. She enters the world of the Four Gods, determined to win Taka's heart and be the new priestess. A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor. Collin, a relatively noble but ordinary man - finds himself lured to a cave by a dream in which a beautiful girl named Feelia appeared before him. Even as he was warned off by the elder of his village, he still feels drawn in... and with the arrival of a beautiful adventurer, and just a trace of seduction... in he shall go. But what lies in wait? And what of the mysterious girl who appeared to Collin in his dream? (Source: AniDB) The 2nd Chapter continues the story of Ryo Takatsuki and his companions' quest to discover the secret of the mysterious A.R.M.S. they all possess and what the future may hold for them. They now know where the answers lie but to get to them, they must fight a desperate fight of survival against a powerful military corporation that wants their secrets no matter what the cost. (Source: AniDB) Kenta, a Pokemon master in the making, meets up with his childhood friend, Marina, at a Pokemon Center, to see how their skills have developed. Their battle is interrupted by a thunderstorm and the arrival of Bashou and Buson, two Roketto-Dan members using the Crystal System (which attracts Electric-type Pokemon). Their ultimate goal is to, under the guidance of Shiranui-hakase, bring Pokemon back to Sakaki. Kenta and Marina stumble upon this plan, and they try to stop it, but things get more difficult when the legendary Pokemon Raikou is captured. (Source: ANN) His destiny has finally arrived as the young Shirou Kamui returns to Tokyo after 6 years. A powerful psychic, Kamui vows to protect the happiness of his childhood friends Fuuma and Kotori, even if it means avoiding them. But fate is cruel, whether or not Kamui wants to be involved; he holds the future of the world in his hands, given the choice of becoming a Dragon of Heaven or a Dragon of Earth. The Seven Seals gather, and so do the Seven Angels; all individuals who have their destiny carved out as one who would battle for the fate of the world. What future will Kamui choose to become reality? Preparing a party for her anniversary with the King, when he failed to show up Chocola decided to run away from the castle. This story takes place during the Heian Period of Japan`s history, when evil spirits still resided in the forests, mountains and rivers. A girl, accompanied by her loved one, battles against these evil spirits, while she is disguised as man. This brave woman, aka "Kaidomaru", with a Chinese character "Flame" tatooed on her upper arm, was one of the "Four Devas". Kaidomaru fights for the honor of her lost love, Raikou Minamotono, who had sacrified his life in order to protect the capital Kyoto, from the evils deeds of a "princess" cursed by a malicious ogre. The princess, whom Kaidomaru used to play with as a child, has now become her ultimate enemy. (Source: Production I.G.) Hello Kitty movie starring the titular character as Thumbelina. Hello Kitty version of Sleeping Beauty by Charles Perrault. Sanrio's version of The Country Mouse and the City Mouse . Hello Kitty version of The Nutcracker . Hello Kitty 's version of The Swan Princess .  Kitty and friends re-create the story of Momotarou. Kitty and friends recreate the story of Puss in Boots . Bad Badtz-Maru and friends re-create the classic story of The Boy Who Cried Wolf. Kitty and friends re-create the story of The Three Little Pigs . Kitty and friends recreate the story of The Snow Queen .  Kitty and friends re-create the story of Hansel and Gretel. Kitty and friends recreate the story of King Midas . Pochakko stars in a recreation of the story of Jack and the Beanstalk . Bad Badtz-maru recreates the story of The Ant and the Grasshopper . Pom Pom Purin competes in a race with a tortoise and a hare. Drakestail Pekkle lends money to the King who flings it away. Keroppi re-creates the story of Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp . Pekkle stars in the story of The Ugly Duckling . Pom Pom Purin recreates the story of The Northwind and the Sun . Kanzaki Meirin, a junior high school student, posseses fusui power which can drive away evil spirits away whenever they appeared. She is in fact, the fortune teller Dr. Rin. She is in love with her best friend, soccer club member, Yuuki Asuka. However, Yuuki does not like fortune-telling and superstitious things. (Source: ANN) Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out! This is the online version of Mahou Yugi... (Source: AniDB) When the spring that supplies water to her kingdom dries up, the Princess decides to go into the desert in search of a faraway oasis that is said to exist. The Princess and her animal friends face many challenges in their journey to save the draught-stricken kingdom. Luffy and his crew are on Mirror Ball Island during a dance carnival. They are spotted by Marines just as Jango the hypnotist is running from them. Luffy and the others are caught up in the dance carnival as Jango, in his desperate attempt to escape, hypnotizes the entire island to dance the night away. (Source: ANN) A diminuitive pink creature orbiting in space called "Kirby" crash lands into Dream Land. Once getting acquainted with the citizens who live there in Cappy Town, he begins to defend the town from the monsters that King Dedede, the self-proclaimed ruler of Cappy Town, orders from the evil Nightmare Enterprises. (Source: ANN) Musashi had come back to his village again. He had lost his memory about the four princesses who had been his childhood friends, and also forgot that he had sexual intercourse with them. Though he lost his memory, the village and his grand mother's house made him regain familiarity. He was welcomed at his grandmother's home, and met a girl named Tamamo. She said she was his childhood friend, but he couldn't recall her at all. At night, he was lured by a strange smell, and did things with Tamamo. However it was the beginning of the plot of a person who wanted to get revenge on the village leader using Musashi. (Source: AnimeNfo) Long ago, a war was waged between the forces of darkness and light as Dark Brings—stones containing dark power beyond human ability—put the world at risk with their destructive force. In order to stem the tide of darkness, a lone swordsman used holy power known as the Rave to destroy the source of every Dark Brings. The resulting explosion, which came to be known as the Overdrive, destroyed a tenth of the world; fragments of the Rave were scattered throughout. Groove Adventure Rave takes place fifty years after the Overdrive. A group known as Demon Card has collected the remaining Dark Brings, using them to lay siege to a number of towns. Meanwhile, a young swordsman by the name of Haru Glory has inherited both the Rave and its guardian, Plue, making him the next Rave Master. With the aid of an amnesiac drifter by the name of Elie and a silver-manipulating blacksmith by the name of Musica, Haru must scour the world in search of the scattered Rave Stones and put an end to the Dark Brings and Demon Card for once and for all. Nobi Nobita is a 4th-grade boy in Tokyo. One day, a round, blue cat-style robot (minus ears) pops up in his desk drawer. Nobita's great-great-grandson (or something) lives in the 22nd Century, but thanks to Nobita's mistakes, the entire family is living in poverty. To rectify this, Nobita's descendant sends Doraemon back to the past, to help prevent Nobita from making mistakes. Of course this is a difficult task since Nobita is the weakest and least intelligent child in his class. Doraemon does, however, have a 4-dimensional pocket on his front, which contains cool gadgets from the future. With these toys, Doraemon will try to help Nobita. Unfortunately, Nobita also has the bad habit of misusing Doraemon's gadgets and landing himself in yet more trouble! (Source: AnimeNfo) The queen is collecting some jewels that apparently endanger the whole universe if they fall into the wrong hands. But Zephel screws up and loses one of the jewels. What should he do now?  No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Nobita and his friends gathered at Shizuka's house when they heard about the news about missing flocks of bird species. Nobita believed they were taken away by winged creatures and became obsessed on flying on his own. He created mechanical wings and upon the experiment he encountered an actual winged creature flying out of a time-space distortion. Upon helping him whose name is Gusuke, Nobita and his friends were sucked into the distortion and reached Gusuke's home, Birdpia or the world where the winged creatures live. (Source: ANN)  Haruno Kasumi is a fourth-grader. Her parents are zoologists who went over to Africa to carry out their research studies. In order to see off her parents, Kasumi arrived at Kasumi Town. In the middle of the town lies an enormous mansion surrounded by the forest. The mansion belongs to the Kasumi household, the family in which Kasumi will be lodging in and taken care of. There is a mysterious aura about the mansion and Kasumi discovers a series of talking appliances. The Kasumi family refers to these creatures as "Henamon". In return for living in with the family, Kasumi will be helping out with the household chores such as cooking and washing. Surrounded by various interesting characters, Kasumi begins a new chapter in her life. (Source: ANN) A brief introduction to the events that take place in the first Generation of Chaos RPG. First, Chiffon is a famous monster trainer who has lost his ability to control monsters. On the way to return his Hiyokomushi, a large, slow monster, to its birthplace, it goes out of control, and Chiffon needs help in stopping it. In the second part, Roze, a half-demon, comes face to face with the possibility of losing her precious sister at the hands of those who are afraid of her. (Source: ANN) Hello Kitty version of Snow White . Hello Kitty version of Cinderella . My Melody version of Little Red Riding Hood . There goes the neighborhood! A barbaric warrior king seizes the beautiful Queen Beatrice. As his soldiers ravage her kingdom, they introduce the city wenches to a variety of exotic sexual acts. Soon, the haughty queen and her handmaids are begging for more, and the city becomes a carnal capital of debauchery and lust! Dong Woo is a very pleasant, responsible and cheerful boy. He gets weird feelings every time he opens his closet door and is the only one that can sense these feelings. Why is this? Dong Woo is destined to be "the person that opens the Door". His closet is a secret channel that connects the real world to the fourth dimension world called "Uniland ". Whenever he opens the door, the wavelength from the other world is transferred to him. (Source: AWN, edited) Have you ever heard of the Vampirians? One noble family of such vegetarian vampires have been banished from Monsterland for their inability to scare humans. To lift the exile set on the family, Papa, the head of the household, must scare 1000 humans. To this end, he attempts to use his magnificent skills in making new inventions, but always and inevitably fails. To complicate things further, Papa's daughter Sue falls in love with a young human boy and no longer wants to return to Monsterland. Will Papa ever get his family back home? (Source: Production I.G.) Keith is an honorable thief, but also a descendant of the legendary Shadow Blade. Employed as a guide for a sultry seductress - he finds himself soon wrapped up in much more than he bargained for. A one-night stand turns into the resurrection ritual for a demon?! He's really got his work cut out for him... (Source: AnimeOnDVD) After the losing of magical ability to become witches, they once again become them. But, now they have to go through tests from the Witches of the Witch World. They also meet a new member, from New York, U.S. comes Momoko (the yellow Ojamajo). (Source: ANN) Parappa is just your ordinary talking dog; he enjoys spending time with his friends, listening to music, and going on adventures. Together with his friends, Parappa gets into many strange situations, all the while learning to navigate through life, get along with his friends, and pine for the girl of his dreams, Sunny Funny. Based on an equally quirky rhythm game, Parappa the Rapper boasts a unique flat style, blasts of color, and a string of strange but charming characters. Among Parappa’s friends are an anthropomorphized blue cat, lamb, and even a flower. Parappa's adventures range from the ordinary to the bizarre. He crosses paths with mischievous baddies, helps resolve questions of friendship and love, and even goes on trips through time itself. Nothing can change Parappa's positive outlook on life. In order to prevent the catastrophe called the Grand Fall, Rid Hershel and his companions Farah, Keel and Meredy have obtained the three Greater Spirits ("Craymels" in the game version) of Inferia. En route to Mount Farlos, Rid is kidnapped by the bounty hunter Marone Blucarno, and the party is compelled to head to Belcarnu, an archipelago far from the major cities of Inferia. A series of adventures forces them to remain on the islands, where a more immediate threat to Inferia sleeps. (Source: ANN) Inu-Yasha has mastered the ultimate attack of the Tetsusaiga and continues his battle for the Shikon Jewel shards with Kagome, Shippo, Sango, and Miroku. Unfortunately, a freak occurance with a jewel shard has brought to life an incarnation of a demonic enemy sealed by Inu-Yashas' father. Inu-Yasha must surpass his father and destroy this demon or every soul in Japan will be consumed. (Source: ANN) Informed by the Thief Brothers his ship has been stolen by the Trump Kyoudai (Trump Siblings) who have set up base on Clockwork Island. Monkey D. Luffy, Captain of the Going Merry and aspiring Pirate King works with his crew - Ussop, Zoro, Sanji and Nami to battle their way up Clockwork Island to reclaim their ship. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and the other pokemon play a game of hide and seek. Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In this prequel to the "X" TV series, a beautiful, young, bedridden dreamgazer named Kakyou remembers the life and death of a remarkable young woman whom he met in dreams. He also recounts his dreams of a tragic future in which the fate of the Earth will be decided. (Source: ANN) Goro's down on his luck. He keeps losing jobs and has little money. One day he meets a fortune-teller outside of a pet store who predicts that his luck will change. That night three girls appear in his appartment claiming to be his guardian angels. Soon a total of twelve girls appear to help him, each one a reincarnation of a deceased pet once owned by Goro. (Source: ANN) With the ability to transcend time, Captain Fatz and comrades embarked on a journey of battle and adventure to gather the eight scattered stone pieces (namely Light, Darkness, Fire, Water, Air, Earth, Wood & Metal) which was granulated by the lord of destruction, in order to restore the chaotic world back to peace. Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic. (Source: ANN) Lina and Gourry travel to a seaside town named Acassi, where octopus tentacle is a delicacy. However, the octopus meat carries a curse that dooms the eater to only speak Takogo (octopus language). Amelia, Zelgadiss, and Xelloss all show up, and the main four characters (Lina, Gourry, Ameria, Zelgadiss) get cursed. The octopi enlist the power of a mazoku to get rid of the humans once and for all. The white sorceress Ruma must learn the cure to the curse from her long-lost master in order to save the town. (Source: ANN) Digimon Tamers takes place in a world where the popular Digimon franchise is all the rage, consisting of a cartoon, video games, and the trading card game. Takato Matsuda is a huge Digimon fan that's particularly obsessed with the card game, and constantly daydreams about the universe therein. One day, he finds a mysterious blue card, which he slides through a scanner toy to use in the popular battle game. His toy suddenly glows and transforms into a Digivice, and Takato's fan-made design, Guilmon, materialises in front of him. Thrilled by the prospect of having a real-life Digimon, Takato embraces his new partner, and his adventures as a Digimon Tamer begin. Takato quickly discovers that being a Digimon Tamer is not all fun and games—in reality, it's much more dangerous than the card games he's accustomed to. Wild Digimon have begun to appear all across Japan, causing rampages that result in chaos and mayhem. Armed with his Digivice, which can scan trading cards to strengthen Guilmon, Takato and his new partner set out to combat the rogue Digimon. They are tasked with protecting the world from Digimon attacks, whilst a mysterious organization determined to eliminate all Digimon and their Tamers lurks in the shadows... The spirit world, the real world and the Internet cyber world maintain peace and harmony by the Dimension stone, which was created by the three deities named Dragon King, Zeus and Zoolu. One day, Doddery had a date therefore he switched the stone guard duty with the Super Baby by bribing him with milk. A-jang fights hard with LuPin and Pigu till the end but in that process something goes wrong with the Dimension Stone and due to that unusual energy Spirit world becomes chaotic. Many spirits including LuPin and Pigu falls into cyber space and A-jang just manages to escape. (Source: tvkanald.rs) Jing may appear to be a young boy, but his remarkable skills make him one of the most feared thieves on the planet. Along with his feathered partner Kir, Jing travels from town to town, stealing anything of value regardless of the amount of security. But when he's in a pinch, he has one more trick up his sleeve: Kir bonds with Jing's right arm to perform the effectively deadly "Kir Royale" attack. And because of all this, Jing is infamously known by many as the "King of Bandits." Sweat Punch is a series of five Studio 4°C shorts collected as a direct-to-DVD package film entitled Deep Imagination. Long ago, on an island called Altomare, there lived an old man and woman. One day, the couple found two small children lying on the shore, badly wounded. The couple took them in and took care of them, and the children quickly recovered. But then, the island was attacked by monsters. Within moments the island fell into the monsters' wrath. Next, before the old man and lady's eyes, the children who they had taken care of transformed into the Eon Pokemon, Latios and Latias. They called their family from the sky. They came, and carried a stone with them containing the power to force the monsters away. This gem was known as the "Soul Dew." Peace returned to the island; however, later in the present, a criminal duo—Zannâ and Rion—us seeking Latios and Latias in order to take control of the Soul Dew. Taking a short break in Altomare, Satoshi befriends Latias and is now dragged into the situation helping to save Altomare from becoming swallowed up by destruction again. (Source: ANN) With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit). Five supernatural factions have been fighting against each other for who knows how many centuries, with the beginning of Aquarian Age always in mind. Kyouta, soon begins to see visions of mystical girls fighting, except they do exist. Soon he and his girlfriend Yoriko become involved and the battle for Earth and Aquarian Age lies in their hands. (Source: ANN) An immortal beast-man of supernatural lusts, Amano Jaku escapes prison to gratify his appetites at Meishin College. But the campus is not just a hotbed of luscious coeds – it’s the breeding ground of a hideous monster! The Ultra God is Amano Jaku’s nemesis, a vile killing machine, and the ancient harbinger of the coming apocalypse. Now, immortals will clash in a battle that will bathe the Earth in innocent blood! (Source: AniDB) After a stingy man eats some cherry seeds, a cherry tree grows on his head and he gets into a lot of trouble. Nakajima Youko is your average somewhat timid high school student. One day, a strange man named Keiki appears before her, swearing allegiance. Before she could properly register what was happening, demon-like creatures attack Youko and her friends, after which they are pulled into a different world. A world unlike what she has ever known. Separated from Keiki, Youko and her friends must do whatever they can if they wish to survive in this new world. After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) Kotaro was pretty much supposed to be your average boy, worried about the pressures of education while enjoying a simple life with his friends. Much to his despair, he one day finds the overly cheerful Misha at his door, asking to be friends out of nowhere. Even more shocking is that Misha is an apprentice angel, yet she does more bad then good. Along with Kotaro's school friends Takashi and Koboshi and the so called devil Shia (once again being able to do more good then bad), the group of friends spend their days getting into all sorts of adventures and troubles. Based on the manga by Koge-Donbo. 14th Anpanman movie. Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy. One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede. Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same... (Source: mirmo-zibang) Nakoruru, finally returned to her home Kamuikotan after a long, fierce battle, receives a warm welcome from dear friends and the village children. Her spirit is uplifted by her reunion with companions Manari and Yantamuu. But as the trauma of battle falls away, Rela appears and challenges Nakoruru and the shadow of misfortune creeps closer... Nakoruru is a popular Ainu girl from SNK's Samurai Spirits fighting game (PC and Dreamcast), now she has her very own OVA series. (Source: AniDB) When the secret occult society, Shiromorishuua, sends a huge monster to attack Tokyo, ASY, a peace-keeping organization in Japan, retaliates with a Gousen (metal faery). ASY's Gousen annihilates the creature after driving it into open ocean. Although successful, a surprise attack follows. A girl, floating in midair and glowing with radiance, strikes with a beam of light. This girl is "Rouran." She knows neither her identity, her origins, nor why whenever she senses the Gousen or Kyoushi (reanimated corpses) she transforms into an avenging angel. As Rouran worries about her mysterious existence, Tetsuya kindly watches over her in Tokyo Arcadia, a settlement of expatriates and dissidents. (Source: AniDB) Mitsuki wakes up late, and must rush to a photo shoot. However, in her hury she forgets to bring Takuto and Meroko along. Now they must catch up to her, before the photo shoot begins, despite everything that gets in their way. (Source: ANN) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When office worker Nam-woo receives a package from childhood friend Jun-ho it transports him back to their last summer together. Back to their hometown in a small fishing village it the last few days before Jun-ho left for boarding school in Seoul. When a marble and an abandoned lighthouse had the power to transport him to a fantastic world where a mysterious flying girl named Mari lived. (Source: ANN) Mika Katagiri wants her band to perform at the upcoming local festival. However, complications arise. Their keyboardist, Jun, refuses to play, and their stage has been cancelled. Refusing to give up, Mika and her band strive to find a way to play at the festival, using any means necessary. (Source: ANN) The skill of sword-fighting is known to two tribes, the Tribes of Light (which consists of humans living on the world’s surface) and Shadow (mostly part humans, part animals or monsters living in an underground city, who also seem to age at half the normal speed of the Light tribe). The two tribes lived in peace and harmony, their domains separated by the “Words Worth” tablet—a huge monolith slab erected by a guardian spirit. Although the tablet has writing on it, neither Tribe can read the text. One day, Words Worth was mysteriously destroyed by an unknown entity; its component parts scattered among the domain of the Tribes of Shadow. The two Tribes blamed each other for the tablet’s destruction, and started a war that has been on-going for 100 years. Astral, prince of the Tribe of Shadow, desires to become a Swordsman of Shadow but his father, King Wortoshika, forbids him to do so. He is engaged to Sharon, a beautiful swordswoman who generally like Astral but wishes he was stronger. (Source: Urhentai) An 11-year old boy named Zen bands together with his younger sister, Karen, and a young boy who has a large appetite, Pitan, to battle an evil empire by using their "Foodons"; strange monsters that are created from various foods. (Source: ANN) Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities. (Source: ANN) A pseudo-historical movie that follows a modern day elementary schooler as he's tossed back into time to observe Aterui--a real leader of the Ainu (indigenous Japanese) who fights against the Imperial Court. Luffy and his crew take on the Villain All-Stars in a game of soccer in order to become the Dream Soccer King. The game comes down to a pk tie-breaker shoot-out with Coby as goalie and Helmeppo refereeing. (Source: ANN) This is a short film about 14 minutes long, which was shown for a limited time only at the Ghibli Museum. It tells the story of Mei and her friend the kittenbus (the child of the original catbus from My Neighbor Totoro). Mei is just small enough to ride in the kittenbus, which is only big enough to stir up dust devils, rather than making whole fields of rice sway in its breeze. One night they have an adventure in which they fly into the forest with many other cat-based vehicles, including many buses and trains. There they meet Totoro and many similar spirits, all heading for a gigantic catliner. This liner cruises off into the sky and the kittenbus takes Mei home. (Source: AniDB) As the title implies, this series features a pair of characters per episode. Each DVD has one music video for each character, plus one part of an eight part story. Annoyingly, the music videos are for the short versions of the songs, not the full versions... to get those, you had to buy the Twin Collection CDs. (Source: Neo-Romance) DVD-only specials released on the 6th and 7th discs that are sometimes considered episode 24, 25, and 26 as a whole. And episode 22, 23, and 24 chronologically. The Doraemons, a group of culturally different versions of the Doraemon, gather to play a game of soccer. (Source: ANN)  Doraemon and friends travels into another world via the time machine; where humans and robots are living together. However they soon find out that the Empress of Robot Kingdom was trying to capture robots there and turn them emotionless. As the situation goes tense, our heroes sets out to stop the Empress and her plan. (Source: Wikipedia) Second season of Kasumin Prologue to the second game in the Generation of Chaos RPG series. Ellile is a knight-in-training in the Kingdom of Fredbarn in the Neverland World. He and Princess Roji are secretly in love, and plan to marry. Lifile, the head of the knights, finds out, and tells Ellile that he's not strong enough to protect Roji, let alone the Kingdom. Ellile becomes frustrated, and comtemplates what to do... During the OVA, there are a few animated shorts dealing with a fourth character, Poro, her robot friend, and the GOC Next cast. (Source: ANN) If there's one word to describe Reiji Ozora, it would be "quitter." He can never find the motivation to finish anything, and loses interest at the drop of a hat. This all changes when his best friend Maiko introduces him to the new game "Dragon Drive." In this virtual reality game, each player is assigned a dragon tailored to match their personality and strength. Reiji hopes for a big, strong, scary beast, but instead, he is stuck with Chibi, a cute, friendly-looking dragon smaller than he is. How disappointing—except it turns out that Chibi is the rarest dragon of them all! Reiji finally discovers something he can remain interested in, and works hard to train both himself and his newfound friend. Soon this training will be put to use to save the world, for there are people who have dark aspirations for Dragon Drive! The five digi-destined children stumble upon an ancient island inhabited by two different types of digimon; The Beast types, and the Human types. When they see two young digimon-a beast and humanoid-have become friends, they decide something must be done about the feud. (Source: ANN) Childhood friends Arumi and Sasshi are residents of the Abenobashi commercial district in Abeno-ku, Osaka. After an accident, they find themselves transported to an alternate sword and sorcery world. Their attempt to get back to reality finds them traversing a series of nonsensical worlds built on science fiction, war, fantasy, dating sim games and American movies. Each alternate Abenobashi is a surreal manifestation of Sasshi's otaku interests, populated by analogs of the protagonist's relatives and acquaintances and a blue-haired stranger known as Eutus. (Source: Wikipedia) Oomura Takeshi is one unlucky fellow. He has has this case of bad luck ever since he was little. One day, while on his normal runs with bad luck, he meets an Angel named Elle, and he finds out that his father wished the curse of bad luck upon him. Takeshi has the oppurtunity to pass on the curse, but accepts it to save a young girl. For his noble act, Elle becomes human and lives with Takeshi to protect him from the curse, which is something Takeshi isn't particularly happy with. (Source: ANN) Petite Princess Yucie follows the adventures of country-girl Yucie as she is admitted by chance to the prestigious Princess Academy, where the daughters of royalty and nobles attend to learn magic, dance, etiquette, defense, art and music. There, she experiences many things in her quest to collect the "fragments" of the Eternal Tiara in hopes that she may become the legendary Platinum Princess, who is chosen every 1,000 years. Yucie, along with the four other Princess candidates who are initially her rivals but are won over by her offer of friendship, must grow in heart--if not in height--to become worthy of the Tiara. Yucie is a spunky heroine who is a genius of smiles, and who, despite her common lifestyle, is actually the daughter of a noble and former hero who has retreated from courtly life and lives in the countryside. (Source: Wikipedia) All Rakka remembers before emerging from her cocoon is the sensation of falling. Confused, she is welcomed into this new world as one of the Haibane, a group of youth with small gray wings and bright halos. Together, they live in the Old Home on the outskirts of Grie, a quiet town where wingless, halo-less people live. There are many rules governing the world of Haibane Renmei : the most important one being that Haibane cannot go near or touch the massive walls that surround the town. Only beings known as Toga may come and go as they please. Although her daily life is quiet, there is much Rakka and the other Haibane do not know, or are not allowed to know. Rakka will work through her own doubts and questions as she figures out what she is doing in this world, while working towards the goal of each Haibane: to get beyond the walls on their Day of Flight. But this is not a light task: failure means being branded as one who is Sin-bound. A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei Devil Children: Light & Dark games (known as DemiKids in the U.S.). The year is 200X. Jin, Akira and Lena are three child hood friends who like mysterious things. One day in the library, along with the mysterious transfer student Ami, they find the "Akuma Compendium". They chanted an incantation in the book and, to their surprise, devils appeared. Ami then told Jin and Akira that they are the Devil Children that will decide the fate of the world. She hands them their Devil Risers. The group then pass through the "Door of Time" to the land of Valhalla where they fight an evil ruler known as Imperius who plans on conquering all of the world. The Nakama of Jin is Rand, a Sol Lion, and Akira's is Gale, a Hylon. (Source: Wikipedia.org) A mysterious light falls from the Heavens. It's the Pearl Jade. It can grant any wish. Dr. Ni tells Gyokumen Koushu about it. Lirin overhears and tells Kougaiji. Then Kanzeon Bosatsu (The Merciful Goddess) requests "orders" Sanzo and company to go and find and seal it before it falls into the wrong hands. (Source: ANN) Inuyasha and company have finally destroyed Naraku. And each start to go in their separate ways. Sango going to find her younger brother Kohaku; Miroku back to his old home; Inuyasha, Kagome and Shippou go to gather the rest of the Shikon shards. Unfortunately this peace is not to last. Shortly afterwards the full moon rises, and just keeps rising each night bringing with it the promise of danger. Kagura and Kanna go in search of a mirror, where locked inside is the ruler of the eternal night, Kaguya. To set her free they must gather five items and drop them into the five lakes of Fuji. Setting her free means the worst danger for Inuyasha and the others. Who are forced to face this new threat. (Source: ANN) The crew comes upon Crown Island where the animals can talk and they makes Chopper their new king. But there are human hunters there also looking for the legendary horns that will give the person who consumes it immense power. Luffy and friends must stop them from destroying this animal kingdom. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and some of the other pokemon camp out in the woods and help the Pichu brothers get on the train. A young wavemaster, only known by the alias of Tsukasa, wakes up in an MMORPG called The World, with slight amnesia. He does not know what he has previously done before he woke up. In The World, he is suspected to be a hacker of the Crimson Knights, as he was seen accompanying a tweaked character in the form of a cat. Unable to log out from the game, he wanders around looking for answers, avoiding the knights and other players he meets along the way. As Tsukasa explores The World, he stumbles upon a magical item that takes the form of a "guardian," which promises him protection from all harm. Subaru, the leader of the Crimson Knights, along with several other players who became acquainted with Tsukasa, set out to investigate why Tsukasa is unable to log out, and attempt to get to the bottom of the problem before it gets out of hand. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special episode of 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters' aired in between episodes 88 and 89. Mainly narrated by Anzu, the special recaps the major events of the Battle City tournament, beginning from the Pharaoh's meeting with Ishizu, and retelling several important duels including Yugi and Seto's tag duel, and Yugi's duels against Jonouchi and Bakura, up to Jonouchi's battle with Rishid on the Battle Ship. The special ends with Anzu wishing the series a happy new year. Koron Nemuta is a girl who yawns when embrassed. One day, she found a vase when she was lost. When she yawns, the genie Akubi will come out of it, but, when she yawns again, Akubi will come back into the vase. (Source: ANN) Haru Yoshioka is your ordinary high school girl who has trouble making decisions for herself. One day, she spots a strange cat crossing the road with a small present... and a truck headed straight for it! Haru doesn’t even stop to think before jumping in front of the truck and getting them both to safety. This one selfless act initiates a chain of events that sends Haru on an epic adventure. The cat she saved turns out to be no ordinary feline, but Lune, Prince of the Cats. In honour of her bravery and for saving his life, he offers to marry her. Haru mutters a reply which is taken to be a "yes", and for better or for worse, her fate is sealed. Alongside her cat companions Muta and the Baron, she's aided from above by a raven named Toto, and must travel to the cat world in order to rectify this misunderstanding. Her journey is tougher than it seems: If she cannot escape from the claws of the King of the Cats and find her true self, she will be turned into a cat forever. Haru may start off as an everyday girl, but after her descent into the world of cats, she returns a different beast entirely. Whisked away to the land of Kyou, Akane learns that she is the Ryuujin no Miko, and meets the Hachiyou, her protectors. They must defeat Akuram, a demon who wants to destroy Kyou using the power of Azusa, a woman who has the power to absorb human energy. If Akane and the Hachiyou cannot defeat Akuram and bring peace to Kyou, Azusa'a power will destroy the humans. (Source: ANN) Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possesed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all. Episodes 5.5 and 13. The story of Tokyo Mew Mew begins when the main protagonist, Ichigo Momomiya, attends an endangered species exhibit with her crush (and hopefully future boyfriend) Masaya Aoyama. Their peaceful day takes a turn towards drastic when an earthquake strikes and Ichigo, as well as four other girls, are enveloped in a mysterious light. The next day, Ichigo begins to behave like a cat and learns from two scientists that her DNA has been combined with that of an iriomote cat as part of Project μ, which aims to protect the world from alien invaders! Aliens have come to reclaim Earth in the name of their ancestors who inhabited the planet three million years ago. To get rid of the humans now inhabiting the planet, the aliens have released parasites that infect animals and turn them into monsters. With the DNA of the iriomote cat now inside her, Ichigo can transform into Mew Ichigo and use her powers to fight off the invaders. Ichigo will not have to fight alone, as the four other Mew Mews take to the stage and join in the battle to protect Earth. In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite] Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic. (Source: ANN) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. The seal which was imprisoning the fallen angels, Kirin no Yuda and Houou no Ruka, is broken and the two decide to get revenge on the God who had cast them to Hell by getting rid of the Heavens that had once been their home. Soon the guardian angels on Earth begin disappearing, and no one in Heaven can explain the happenings. But there is a sense of a vengeful animal spirit at work, and so the four Saint Beasts are called upon to investigate. The 4 Gods of Beasts attempt to rescue the guardian angels, as well as to find out what this evil animal spirit is... (Source: Wikipedia) This is the 6th Movie. Satoshi, Haruka, Takeshi, and Masato come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary pokemon, Jirachi, decends from the heavens and befriends Masato. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers (Source: ANN) With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit). Palme is a puppet created by a man to care for his sickly wife. After her death Palme becomes paralyzed with sorrow, that is, until a woman being pursed happens to cross paths with Palme and his creator and ask them to deliver something precious to a sacred place called Tama. Palme, mistaking her for his masters late wife, accepts the request. This becomes his first step to becoming more human in order to understand his own feelings. (Source: ANN) A virtual multiplayer online role-playing game exists, known as "The World." In "The World," there is an event held in the Dungeon of Nankoflank that Mimiru, a character in the game, undertakes with Bear, another character of the game. Mimiru confesses to Bear that she's not doing the event for the treasures or experiences, but for the memories and experiences of when she had first started playing. The two later meet a certain character named Mimika and together, the three proceed through quests and events as Mimiru learns the meaning of the game. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Akuto, the main source of energy is running low and the Heavens, a world of islands, hidden beyond time, floating above ours, has united against the Magical Kingdom whom uses the most energy. To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the lower world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world. (Source: ANN) Follow Tortov as he journeys through very surreal, magical, picturesque landscapes, meeting interesting characters and circumstances on the way. Accompanied by his long-legged pig friend, Tortov takes us on an on-going adventure of peaceful contemplation. (Source: ANN) Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor. A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story opens on Pirate Zap's ship, where two of his crew, Bonnie and Max, are tired and want to escape, but unfortunately they have no money. Three children were being held captive on the ship overhear them. The eldest, Amanda, who's father was a pro treasure hunter, knows the whereabouts of a great treasure, and offers them a deal. If they help them make a clean escape, they could take all the treasure they wanted. They agree, and the five of them barely escape and make it onto a small island where they meet Luffy and his crew. Unfortunately they were pursued and Luffy and Amanda are captured and brought back to their boss, the head of the Bayan Pirates, who is also after the treasure. Now Luffy and the others must battle the Bayan pirates and find the treasure that Amanda's father had left for his children. Amanda, who has always resented adventure and treasure because her father was constantly gone in search for it, finally understands his feelings. (Source: ANN) For many years, Ex-Marine Lieutenant Randolph and his troupe have put on a play aboard his ship. Having lost his family to pirates, Randolph wishes to put on plays that will give courage to those who have also lost their loved ones to pirates. Unfortunately, Randolph must retire soon, and he is now giving his last performance. Luffy and his crew come to see the play, and somehow manage to take part in it themselves. But from Randolph's past comes a vengeful subordinate with a diabolical plan who has finally become commander in order to capture Randolph. Luffy and his nakama now must prove to the people that not all pirates are scum, and protect Randolph's final farewell performance from the bitter commander. (aired after Episode 174) (Source: ANN) Dramatic Tension leads to sexual release! Sayaka Shirakawa is the daughter of an art professor who specializes in death-themed paintings. She is dating one of his students, Souji Kamishiro. For some reason, Sayaka seems to be harboring hatred for her father. One day, Mie Wakabayashi, who has romantic feelings for Souji, tells him what she's heard about the Professor: that he has been killing his models so that he can paint their corpses. Meanwhile, Mie happens to witness Shirakawa purchasing poison, and she runs to find Sayaka... (Source: AniDB) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Priest Genjo Sanzo and companions Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku maintain their westward journey to stop the resurrection of the demon Gyoumao. As the reputation of the Sanzo Ikkou precedes them, they continue to fight demon assassins at every turn, but they must also deal with increasing tensions within their group in order to defeat a powerful enemy. (Source: ANN) Somewhere in the MMORPG called "The World," a group is gathered at a pub, awaiting the start of an event. There, old friends and acquaintances are reunited, including those who rarely log on. Some are even forging new relationships for the first time. Together, invited by the hacker Helba, the group leaves for the event in the Net Slums where a celebration awaits them all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yorang, a fox who lives in heaven and has important responsibilities, would rather play tricks on others and seek fun all day. One day, heaven holds a festival for the completion of the "Book of Wishes," a prestigious work that can help remove the black fox's seal. During this festival, Yo-rang, who is very mischievous, throws away the valuable book. Heaven is threatened by the black fox's bad magic. Yo-rang, responsible for the debacle, searches for the book and meets a boy named "Kang-hyun," who loses his mother at an early age and moves to the Fox Village from Seoul, with his father. Kang-hyun and Yo-rang look for the book together. But the black fox tries to ruin their plan, and Kang-hyun and Yo-rang encounter all kinds of hardship. In the end, they develop a strong friendship. (Source: Arirang TV) The animated form of the Korean manwha. Pacifica Casull is the most feared and hated person by the followers of the God Mauser. Known as the Scrapped Princess, she is the poison that will destroy the world. To avoid being killed by the zealots of Mauser, Pacifica and her adoptive brother and sister leave the village of Manhurin. Her brother, Shannon, is an expert with the sword while Racquel is proficient with magic. At every step of the way, however, someone is constantly trying to kill Pacifica, hoping to somehow avert the catastrophe that is supposed to befall the world on her 16th birthday. (Source: ANN) Di Gi Charat (a.k.a. Dejiko) - along with Petit Charat (a.k.a. Puchiko) and Gema - travels to Earth as part of her training to become a full-fledged princess. They crash on a small town in Japan, where they meet the Omocha brothers (who spend most of their time thinking how cute Puchiko is) and Mr. & Mrs. Ankoro (an elderly couple that makes Japanese sweets). (Source: ANN) An entire city is destroyed by two monstrous and omnipotent beings. Genzou Kuruma, a scientist but also the leader of a sect wishes to awake God, but first, he needs a special kind of blood for it. His son, Shinichi Kuruma, and a young girl, Ayaka Sanders, possess that blood, and he will do anything to capture them and take their blood for God's Awakening, and so, humanity will be lost. Shinichi, along Ayaka and Tomizoro (Tommy), are escaping from Genzou Kuruma's "New Humans" (genetically altered humans who can turn into monsters), while Shinichi only wishes for revenge against his father. He, like the other "New Humans", has the power to summon different beasts from his body. With this power, he will fight until Genzou Kuruma is killed by his own hands. (Source: ANN) Unbeknownst to human history, the Kingdom of Spheres existed upon our earth long ago. The people of this kingdom would be regarded today as people with psychic powers. Unfortunately, like most other civilizations, as the gap widened more and more between the social classes, the Kingdom of Spheres was troubled by those greedy for power; and in the end it collapsed. Na Yeon is a mysterious girl who was found in the Antarctic after the destruction of Spheres. One day Asten, the chairman of Sphere Union, who has a burning ambition to control the world, sent his followers to keep watch on Na Yeon. Na Yeon and her friends try to keep three artifacts, the keys to conquer the world, from the hands of Sphere Union. (Source: Wikipedia) Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2 takes place 100 years after the original Harukanaru Toki no Naka de story. In the past that is, very little time has gone by in the future. Kyou, which resembles Kyoto in the Heian period, is in turmoil because of a power struggle going on between the emperor and the retired emperor, and the people of Kyou are falling into desperation, fearing the coming of the end of the world. Karin was walking with her friends when suddenly she is brought by the White Dragon to the land of Kyou. She was chosen as the new priestess of the White Dragon and she must fight against the evil with the help of her guardians while meantime, she keeps having visions of a mysterious man... Story of a Mayfly that falls in love with a human girl. Adapted from children's picture book by Mitsuru Nakamura aka 326. It's a short story about the characters from .hack// Legend of the Twilight meeting offline. It's more to hear than to see. It shows only backgrounds from the real world with the heads of the charater-game-avatars; but it reveals some interesting real life informations about the characters. Son-Goku is a monkey who was born from a stone and is endowed with magical powers. He gets carried away and goes on a rampage until at last Buddha confines him within Mt. Gogyo. Saved by Sanzohoshi, Son-Goku accompanies him on a journey to India. But on their way, monsters lie in wait for them. (Source: BakaBT) In a dying world, there exists an ancient legend: when the world ends, the gateway to paradise will be opened. This utopia is the sole salvation for the remnants of life in this barren land, but the legend also dictates that only wolves can find their way to this mythical realm. Though long thought to be extinct, wolves still exist and live amongst humans, disguising themselves through elaborate illusions. A lone wolf named Kiba finds himself drawn by an intoxicating scent to Freeze City, an impoverished town under the rule of the callous Lord Orkham. Here, Kiba discovers that wolves Hige, Tsume, and Toboe have been drawn in by the same aroma. By following the fragrance of "Lunar Flowers," said to be the key to opening the door to their ideal world, the wolves set off on a journey across desolate landscapes and crumbling cities to find their legendary promised land. However, they are not the only ones seeking paradise, and those with more sinister intentions will do anything in their power to reach it first. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Pokémon Chronicles is a TV series comprised of the English-dubbed versions of a number of Pokémon TV specials. Many of the episodes are from the Weekly Pokémon Broadcasting Station show in Japan, but it also contained The Legend of Thunder! and shorts from the Pikachu's Winter Vacation series. The series, in each episode, basically focuses on the lives of the many of the recurring/main characters Ash Ketchum met on his journey, like Sakura, Misty, her sisters, Casey, and Tracey. Ash only makes two appearances in the series in brief cameos. (Source: Bulbapedia) One day, Nobita runs into a creature-like ball of wind, which came from a faraway land, but blew into their neighbourhood following the recent typhoon that went through the area. Nobita names it Fuuko. Eventually, he, Doraemon and their friends take it to a vast countryside through the Anywhere Door. There, they learn about the Wind and Storm Villages, and Fuuko's real identity. Soon, Nobita and his friends have to protect Fuuko from the Storm Village and a now-possessed Nobuo, who is being controlled by the spirit of the Storm Village's former leader. (Source: ANN) A big studded bear that trudges with a drum and drum stick in his hand... This is Mr. Super Bear! While playing the drum and without any expression on his face, Mr. Bear rescued Maa-kun from a bank robber. One day, Maa-kun found "Mr. Super Bear" and a clown entertaining kids by performing for them. Who is this "Mr. Super Bear"...? (Source: AniDB) Elfina lived a life of luxury as a member of the royal family. She was waited on hand and foot and had a team of servants. That was until her country was invaded! Now Elfina must comply to the sexual demands of her new masters and it doesn't matter how humiliating or intimate the favors! (Source: AniDB) Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kasumi Haruno is a fourth grade student. She came to Kasumi Town to see off her zoologist parents on their trip to Africa to do research. In the center of the town, surrounded by forest, is the large mansion belonging to the Kasumi family where Kasumi will be staying from now on. Kasumi passes through the mansion's gate right away, but a strange atmosphere emanates from somewhere in the Kasumi Forest. When he finally makes it to the mansion, there are talking appliances! It would seem that members of the Kasumi family were youkai called "Henamon". Kasumi never dreamed she would end up living with a family of Henamon. She is very busy doing the cooking, laundry, and cleaning in exchange for living there. Surrounded by mysterious companions, what will become of Kasumi's new life? (Source: AniDB)   Fuujin Year 130 (Medieval times when magic and gods were of great importance). Two years ago, the great war in the "Old Fuujin Continent" was controlled by the "Zenon Country" who possessed great power. In Randia, a small country to the south, the young prince Alfred is attacked by an assassin but gets saved by his friend Welles. The young prince was the last key to the revival of Randia... It was said that in legends the prince had the power to unleash the "Seal of Power" because of his blood relation. This brought fear upon the Zenon country and thus their attack. Welles was just another soldier, but he was also a close friend of Alfred's and they had been fighting together in the battlefield for a long time. That is why they're known as the "Galloping Winds" on the battlefield. And so, the two of them along with Welles' younger sister Teefa, are burdened with the fight for their country. Hearing that war is once again about to break out, the former loyal subject Rea also returns. As more and more people get involved in the war, the mystery of the seal unfolds... To reveal the "Blood Relation of the Prince"... (Source: AnimeNfo) Tired of writing riddles for children, Yamaoka Momosuke plans on gathering spooky and gruesome stories and publishing them in an anthology called Hyakumonogatari ("One Hundred Tales"). While researching these old myths and legends he comes across a mysterious trio who call themselves the Ongyou. They are detectives who are investigating the legends to reveal their truths...and bring those in the wrong to justice. Each time Momosuke meets the Ongyou he must face horrible truths and battle with his morals, but he's seeing things he shouldn't be seeing... (Source: ANN) A horrible murder has been committed on the grounds of Nankai Academy. Professor Yuko, one of the school's most popular teachers, died when she was pushed off of the roof of one of the school's buildings. Her death has left her students with feelings of confusion, pain, and above all else... anger. Four of her male students, Masayoshi, Daisuke, Mitsuru and Shinya, are determined to uncover the truth. They soon discover an important clue: Professor Yuko's planner had been marked on the very night she was killed... marked with the names of seven girls. With this evidence, the boys begin their investigations... and they'll use any method required in order to find the murderer. Through rape, manipulation and torture, they uncover important details, but piecing the puzzle together won't be easy. And the longer their search draws on, the more they feel themselves being overtaken by their own dark desires... Will they ever find out the truth behind Yuko's death? (Source: ANN) Winning the legendary characters "Kite" and "Black Rose" from an event held by the creators of the MMORPG "The World," Shugo and his twin sister Rena steps into "The World." Together they completed events and quests, along with their new friends Ouka, Mirelle, Hotaru, and Sanjuro. Soon after, mysterious monsters appeared, and death by these monsters caused players to slip into a coma in the real world. Only Shugo and Rena can solve this problem, but why are they being targeted, and what secrets is the game hiding? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Neverland is a world where humans, demons and dieux live peacefully. Lord of the Kingdom of Bjor, wants to conquer the world... Anime based on the online game "Kingdom of Chaos (K.O.C.)". (Source: AniDB) My name is Toma Hikaru. I'm going to Izumo Gakuen High School with Miyuki who is my little sister-in-law, Nanami-chan who was my childhood friend, and Nagisa who thinks of me as a rival. I began to have a strange dream of a beautiful shrine maiden, who is praying something naked in a lake. I wonder who she is; I think I know her... I also see a strange room of Izumo Gakuen in my dream. Feeling uneasy, I decide to sneak into the room, not knowing it is the beginning of the long journey. (Source: AnimeNfo) Kururu, Chiriri, Sarara, and Hororo are four little fairies that live inside bottles on their “Sensei”’s desk. Together, they have misadventures trying to understand the human world, seeking advice from the totally misinformed grade schooler next door. (Source: ANN) In the year 2403 AD a young student named Satoru is visited by a time traveler from the future, a cute girl named Alisa. The two go back in time together to explore the 21st century when a malfunction sends them hurdling through seemingly random episodes of religious and perhaps historic importance. Japan's answer to Scientology, Kyoufuku no Kagaku (幸福の科学, also known as The Institute for Research in Human Happiness), returns with their third animated feature. The half-divine King of Uruk, Gilgamesh, was considered but a paltry legend... until his majestic tomb was discovered in the Middle East. This imperial crypt drew scientists from across the globe to the land, and with that came recognition of their fame. In a joint effort, they built Heaven's Gate in pursuit of advancing human knowledge. One day, a group of terrorists driven by greed attack Heaven's Gate, causing an explosion within the facility for archaeological excavation. The resulting phenomenon had much more impact than anyone could have imagined. More specifically, it triggered the birth of supernatural beings. In the midst of this mess, two siblings by the names of Kiyoko and Tatsuya encounter mysterious men with supernatural powers who, despite the scientific crisis around them, claim the ability to restore good to the world. Nevertheless, these seemingly heroic and all-powerful creatures act under the rule of factions. Are they here to save the world, or destroy it? Once upon a time, a little doggy poo lived on the side of a road. He felt all alone in this world. He believed that nobody needed him for anything, and that he had no purpose in life. If only Doggy Poo had a reason for being, then he wouldn't give up on his dream to be useful to this world. One day, Doggy Poo meets a lovely dandelion sprout. Will she explain his purpose in life? Will she help him make his dream come true? (Source: AniDB) As a talented young acrobat, Sora has dreamed of sharing a stage with the performers of Kaleido Stage, a world renowned circus that combines graceful acrobatics, dazzling costumes, and stunts that keep audiences on the edge of their seats. She makes the move from Japan to California to audition for the show, in hopes of one day basking in the glitz and glamour. However, finding her place in such a competitive world will not be easy. Sora will shed blood, sweat, and tears on her path to becoming a performer, buoyed by the friends she makes along the way. Of course, there will also be rivals and other individuals who do not believe Sora has what it takes to shine as brightly as Kaleido Stage needs her to. Sora will need to endure these trials and tribulations in her quest to become a star, earning the respect of both those who doubt her abilities and by those who are threatened by her. Watch as Sora flies through the bright lights in Kaleido Star ! Izayoi and Inu no Taishou, Inuyasha's parents, are having problems with a human named Setsuna no Takemaru. Sou'unga a magical sword that has been sealed away for 700 years is found. Now everyone is after the sword and its powers but it seems the sword has something else in mind. (Source: ANN) As an expression of gratitude for the heroes of both the ".hack//Sign" and the ".hack" game series, Helba has prepared a special event for all the characters to find the newly established "Twilight Hot Springs." The characters can get their well deserved rest and relaxation by having a soak in the wonderful hot springs, but there is only one problem—the hot springs are hidden and there have been mysterious player murders. With the only clue being the word “GIFT," the race has begun to find the culprit and the location of the hot springs. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Luffy and crew arrive at the harbour of Anabaru. The local casino is holding a competition in which the winner will obtain a huge monetary reward if he reaches the finishing line first. Nami is elated and decides to participate in the competition. However, there is a conspiracy going behind the competition and the mastermind is an ex-military commander, Gasparde. His plan is to lure all the pirates to the military base and send them to their deaths. Luffy and gang have to overcome the numerous tests and tribulations along the way to complete this dead-end adventure. (Source: ANN) A girl named Kim chases a group of thieves called the Black Hammer Gang. Until one day the Black Hammer gang and Kim fall on an island inhabited by fairies and it's guardian Michel. The Black Hammer Gang tries to steal the life source of the island called the tree of life. Causing damage to the land and kidnapping the fairies, Michel and Kim have to combat the Black Hammer gang and take back the fairies. (Source: ANN) Hatsuki is a highschool student living with her sister, Hatsumi, who she has a huge crush on. On Hatsumi's 16th birthday, she is suddenly surrounded by a green light and disappears in front of Hatsuki. She manages to follow Hatsumi with the help of a being resembling a fat baby chick (literally), ending up in a place called "The Great Library", which is full of different worlds stored in books. Hatsumi wasn't there, though, so the search for Hatsuki's great love begins and involves traveling from book to book. (Source: AniDB) The "Forbidden Treasure" is an extraordinary artefact who can grant any wishes. The people seeking it are called the Bankers, and our hero, Corokke, is one of them. Pikachu and the other Pokemon learn to dance! Mars has been colonized and is a world where children have been replaced by robot servants known as "dolls." Layla is a skilled fighter with a tragic past who travels about the world. Her companions are Nei, a strange and unique doll with some unknown ties to Layla, and Speedy, who is a doll breeder. The founders of Mars see the trio as a threat to their world, and each time they attack Layla and Nei a bit more of their mysterious past and future is revealed. Pinon, the boy who flows within his body, the blood of the three races (the Dragons, the fairies and the humans), is actually the son of the Courageous One, Pietro. Pinon's encounter with a mysterious animal, Pap, opens up the door to an adventurous journey. He befriends Luna and Marco on the way. However, when he learns that his adventure will determine the fate of PoPoLoCrois, Pinon hardens his heart and leaves his friends. Unknown to him, this is an introductory chapter to a new adventure and Pinon will realise that he must resolve the bigger crisis present in PoPoLoCrois. (Source: ANN) Daisuke Niwa is a clumsy, block-headed, and wimpy middle school student who has few redeeming qualities. On his 14th birthday, he finally decides to confess his love to his longtime crush Risa Harada, but is rejected. In an unexpected turn of events, however, Daisuke finds himself transforming into Dark Mousy, the infamous phantom thief, whenever his mind is set on Risa. Though Daisuke is unaware of this strange heritage, his mother is certainly not: since before the boy was born, his mother had been planning for him to steal valuable works of art and let the name of the elusive art thief be known. With doubt and confusion constantly clouding his mind, Daisuke finds himself struggling in his relationships with classmates and family. And it is not long before Daisuke realizes that he is not the only one with a fated family legacy—his greatest adversary could be the one classmate he is most unwilling to fight. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A summary of the 114 episodes of the TV series Saint Seiya. According to an ancient legend, mermaid's flesh can grant immortality if eaten. 500 years ago, Yuta unknowingly ate a piece of mermaid's flesh. For centuries, he travels across Japan, hoping to find a mermaid, thinking she may be able to make him a normal human again. When he finally finds one, he discovers that she and her companions have been raising a girl to be their food so they can eat her and take on her youthful looks. That is how mermaids stay young. Yuta kills the mermaids and rescues her, but she has already eaten some of the mermaid's flesh. Although he had to kill the mermaids, Yuta isn't too disappointed. Yuta's once lonely existence is now over, as he has found a companion in Mana. And Mana, who had been trapped in a small hut her whole life, finds delight in even the simplest of things. Together, Yuta and Mana attempt to seek out more mermaids, trying to become normal humans again. (Source: ANN) Somewhere, there was a young man. A kind hearted young man who loved animals but, the most unfortunate things happen to him. The place where he works going bankrupt, bumping into a signboard as he walks in the streets. He is just completely burdened with bad luck. However, his life completely changes when he meets a fortune teller. With the power of the fortune teller, "Guardian Angels" are called through a mobile phone and a group of cute girls appear. These Guardian Angels, who came from the other world, were actually reincarnations of the pets that the young man had once taken care of before. They are now back to repay his kindness. This sequel takes place a year after the last series. We go back to the time when the 12 Guardian Angels goes to Goro Mutsume. Once again, we have the voice talents of Nogawa Sakura, Chiba Saeko, Kawasumi Ayako and a whole extravanganza of other voice actors / actresses. Lets see how the Guardian Angels grow up! (Source: AnimeNfo) This is an animated cartoon that was released inside the game Pokémon Channel. A half-hour long anime show, broken into five short segments, featuring the Pichu Brothers. Meowth throws a party that the Pichu brothers and their friends are not invited to. After a series of events, they find out they were invited, but their invitations were simply delivered late. They go to Meowth's Party and hear him sing. The series has a total of five episodes, each on its own channel. (Source: Wikipedia) The story is set in the 22nd century where space travel, planet colonization and anti-gravity basketball are practically everyday things. Planet Earth has become uninhabitable, and therefore people live in colonies on the surrounding planets. On a school field trip, a mistake causes the protagonist, a young transfer student named Luna, her pet robot, and six of her classmates to be thrown through a gravity storm and crash land on a seemingly uninhabited planet. There, with Luna as their leader, the robot cat Chako, the lone wolf Kaoru, the spoiled rich boy Howard, the shy Sharla, the obedient Bell, the prideful musician Menori and the young genius Shingo must fight for their survival. But is the planet really uninhabited, or is there someone or something out there, waiting in the shadows? (Source: Wikipedia) In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite] No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Jing, the infamous King of Bandits, finds himself and his feathered partner Kir behind bars in Seventh Heaven, the most notorious prison complex in the world. There, they seek to steal the Dream Orb from the convict Campari. But before doing so, they must escape from the prison of dreams that Campari has conjured for them. The story takes place in warrior kingdom where a deadly martial art called Shadow Skill is practiced to defend the continued existence of the kingdom. Dreaming of becoming an invincible warrior one day, like the legendary warrior named Scar Face who has defeated 2,000 opponents, the boy named Cau Ban trains hard with his older adopted sister Elle who has mastered Shadow Skill. A deadly combat breaks out when a rouge pack of intruders suddenly assaults the castle to steal a box that contains a secret... (Source: ANN) Koto unknowingly seals away the Sun Goddess Amaterasu, and now she is in a different world and can't return. Meeting priestesses who combat the evil in this strange place she learns that Black Towers throughout the land keep Amatersu sealed away and are guarded by evil monsters. Koto must now find a way to help defeat these monsters and return the world to the way it was. (Source: ANN) Satoshi and his friends travel to LaRousse, where they meet a boy named Tooi who is afraid of Pokemon due to an incident that happened four years earlier. Meanwhile, Deoxys, a Pokemon from space, has reappeared, putting a barrier around the city and kidnapping people. Rayquaza, a Pokemon that lives in the atmosphere, comes to fight it. (Source: ANN) Two clay men are playing an innocent game of rock-paper-scissors... with a sick twist. The red clayman is bored... and apparently, he has nothing better to do than bother the yellow clayman. Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor. A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Sanzo Ikkou continues its westward journey, on a mission to prevent a demonic resurrection. As Genjo Sanzo, Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku fight their way to their goal, their path is fraught with internal strife. When they encounter a formidable pair of adversaries from the west, the cohesion of the group -- and the fate of the mission -- may be at stake. (Source: ANN) Na-i-sho is a 13 episode OAV series detailing the summer between the ~motto~ and the Dokkaan season. It is a bit more mature than the TV seasons, and looks to develop each of the five witches romantically. Hana is back to a baby, and the mahou shop is a bakery. (Source: ANN) Promotion video for 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art, Kanazawa. (Source: aokijun.net) Nao, an 8th grader, is one of the only two members of a Digital Camera Club, where she also serves as the manager. It's a mystery that she shoots nothing else but the skies and clouds. One day, she finds a cat on a rooftop where she usually shoots her camera. It's a cat that knows how to manipulate the flow of a wind. Shocked to find a strange animal, Nao loses her footing and falls off from the rooftop! Miki is the other member of the club, and also Nao's best friend. Mr. Taiki is the teacher who's taught the cat how to manipulate the flow of a wind. Ryoko is a girl who has a huge crush on Mr. Taiki. And there's Jun, who helps Nao and Miki look for a cat that can fly. Then, there's Yukio, who is the widow of Mr. Taiki's deceased brother. On the outskirts of this big city, a town off the "Wind Handlers," has been formed—and a mysterious Wind Festival is about to begin... (Source: Production I.G) After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) A great war occurred in the 20th century between humans and monsters. Since that time, the monsters rule the world in fear but keep relatively hidden from public view. A boy named Bokka ponders the past and wonders what became of the Meros Warriors who defended the world so bravely against the demons. He soon meets Kurofune and learns of the power of the Meros and the I-bar machines they ride in battle. Warriors are the only ones who can see and hear the Melody of Oblivion, a phantom girl hidden away waiting to be rescued and be the savior of mankind. During a battle between Kurofune and a demon, Bokka discovers something only his wildest dreams could possibly imagine...he too can hear that melody. Throughout his journeys, Bokka meets many monsters and their agents, friends, and companions as he discovers the true extent of his new powers. He must continue to battle evil in the hope of releasing Boukyaku no Senritsu and free a world that has forgotten its once beautiful melody. (Source: ANN) When a crafty toy company "Wiz" also known in this show as Dark Wiz Company, finds crystals with the faint DNA of monsters known as "Legendz" are found and made into a battle game. A young boy named Shu receives one these crystals known as "soul figures" from his father after a baseball game. Legendz rapidly became popular and more and more children played it. Wiz employeys start to track down Shu for his special soul figure, for his soul figure can revive real legendz not just the little kiddy digital images! How will Shu fight his way to victory and claim this soul figure as his own? (Source: TV.com) A special Christmas episode. Ichinomiya Kantarou grew up with the ability to see demons, but was isolated and bullied by others who did not share the same gift. Instead, he became being friends with the demons, gaining a great attachment to their existence. One day, Kantarou was told about the strongest demon, the one known as the ogre-eating Tengu. Amazed by the news of his strength, Kantarou vowed to find this demon who was far stronger than any other, deciding to call him Haruka when he did so. Since this time, Kantarou searched far and wide for the ogre-eating Tengu with no luck, making his living by becoming a folklore writer and demon-buster. On a particular job, Kantarou had finally found news of a nearby shrine supposedly the place where the ogre-eating Tengu was sealed. Known in Japan as Jagainu-kun, Dogtato is the heartwarming tale of a dog that`s really a potato...or a potato that`s really a dog. Or something. (Jagaimo = potato, inu = dog, thus the name Jagainu/Dogtato.) Dogtato`s world is full of his lovable half-veggie, half-animal friends who are always getting into wacky hijinks and misadventures. (Source: AniDB) Anubis, an ancient Egyptian evil that was defeated by Yugi's alter ego centuries ago, has returned to exact revenge. Wielding the power of the Eighth Millennium Item, Anubis is determined to destroy Yugi and take over the world. (Source: ANN) A brilliant, slightly crazy, and extremely eccentric scientist toils away his days in his lab, creating robots to carry out different tasks. A robot to grant three wishes, a robot to help you write your diary, a robot that intentionally misbehaves in order to keep its master from becoming bored… the robots are each built for a very specific purpose, and can’t really do much of anything else. Luckily for mankind, however, these robots are much more useful than they appear to be at first glance… most of the time, anyway. (Source: ANN) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Narifumi Hosokawa prepares for his high school's culture festival with the Kadomori twins, Shizuku and Kasumi. While everyone is distracted, Shizuku decides to open a mysterious gate through the use of magic and travel to an alternate world. She has broken the oath of her family's heritage, as to protect the Black Gate from those who seek the enormous power that lies within the world. The remaining defenders of the Black Gate, consisting of female students and a female teacher, must travel through to the other side and return before any distruptions come to either dimension. However, Narifumi accompanies the group and Shizuku is waiting for them with some new allies. (Source: ANN)  When a comet that comes back once in a hundred years, Dream Suisei, is travelling by Earth, everybody sees the same dream of a foreign world. Melonpanna saves an egg from being crushed and wakes up to find out that the egg has followed her home. A kitten hatches from the egg, and Melonpanna names her Nyanii and starts caring for her. But soon they find out that Nyanii is needed back on Dream Suisei, and if she doesn't return there, she will vanish. Melonpanna struggles with the upcoming hard goodbyes, but the real trouble starts when Baikinman accidentally awakens the evil monster Muuma. (Source: ANN) This special is a compilation video of the whole season in which each girl has a her own individual song sung by her respective voice actress. It highlights her story and there is a karaoke text frame on the bottom for the watcher to sing-a-long. The genin of Kohona are having a sports day filled with races, obstacle courses and of course the relay and the prize is a paid vacation for the winner. Unfortunately Naruto and his stomach are getting him into trouble again. Naruto really needs to go to the toilet but he has to wait for the line to the restroom is so long even the Akatsuki and Kabuto are in line! After the group race he runs to the toilet to find it closed for cleaning but then he tries to go to into the ladies room but Hinata pops by and tries to tell Naruto something but is interrupted by the speaker and then off to the obstacle course. Naruto needs to drink a whole liter of milk in this critical state. After that he sees some portable toilets, but they are wrecked by Choji's Human Boulder. Naruto tries to beat them up but Ino comes and drags him back. Finally the relay; Sakura passed it to Sasuke but on Naruto's turn the baton Sasuke was holding poked his butt. Out of desperation Naruto wins and finishes the race. He runs off to find a toilet but Shikamaru stops him. They cheer for him on the track but Naruto can't hold it anymore and let's it ALL go on the field with everyone standing around him. The land of Neotopia is attacked by the Dark Axis, evil invaders from another dimension who wish to conquer this land. Neotopia's answer: the secret Super Dimensional Guard and their defenders, the Gundam Force. Led by Captain Gundam, the Gundam Force and its team of Gundams with special abilities are aided by a boy named Shute as they stop at nothing to defend the land from the Dark Axis and to defeat them once and for all. (Source: ANN) Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition: whenever girls touch him, or even come close, he breaks out in hives. Imagine his surprise, when he is suddenly transported to the city of Seiren on a mystic world invisibly orbiting the Earth, and populated with vast numbers of women and very few men. Fortunately, he has a new friend, Miharu-chan, whose touch inexplicably doesn't affect him. (Source: ANN) Akane Motomiya and her friends Tenma and Shimon are pulled by a demon into another world, where Akane becomes the Priestess of the Dragon God. The people of this world tell her that she is the only one who can stop the demons from taking over; meanwhile, the demons want to use her power for their own ends. Luckily, Akane has the Hachiyou, eight men with powers of their own who are sworn to protect the Dragon Priestess. (Source: ANN) The third film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story). Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Luffy and crew takes on Arlong's crew in baseball. Announced by Bon Clay and Buggy. (Source: ANN) Kyou kara Maou! revolves around Yuri Shibuya, your average Japanese teenager. One day, Yuri sees a classmate being harassed by bullies. Thanks to this intervention, his friend is able to escape, but unfortunately Yuri becomes the new target of the bullies in the process and gets his head shoved into a toilet. But instead of water, the toilet contains a swirling portal that sucks him into another world, largely resembling medieval Europe. There, he is told that he will become the next Demon King due to his black hair and black eyes, traits only possessed by the demon's royal lineage. Yuri's arrival is met with some skepticism by some of the demons, who view him as unworthy to be their king. However, after Yuri wins a duel by utilizing his magical powers, the demons slowly begin to acknowledge him as their monarch. Yuri must now learn what it takes be a true Demon King, as he tries to keep the peace between demons and humans in this strange new realm. Angelique Limoges and Rosalia de Catargena have been chosen as candidates in a Queen Examination - a test to see who is better qualified to be the next Queen of the cosmos. For this special examination, both girls are given their own continent on a planet. The girls must raise the continents into thriving civilizations and environments. Nine Guardians (who control various elements, such as fire, wind, and water) have been chosen to help the girls raise their continents during the Queen Examination. (Source: ANN) Raised by cats until he was five, Yamato Delgato's only dream was to play B'Daman-the official sport of the B'DaWorld. However, his dream comes true when he's chosen to wield the most powerful B'Daman ever; the legendary Cobalt Blade. Only he has skills to harness its power. This is his journey into the world of B'Daman as he learns valuable lessons and also tries to save the B'DaWorld from the evil clutches of the Shadow Alliance. (Source: ANN) Kitty is spending Christmas Eve with Grandpa Anthony and Grandma Margaret. Daniel is joining but he's really jittery and the only solution comes from Santa-san. The first season begins with introducing the characters, their past and their ambitions. Orpherus, Eduard, Camus, Lui, and Naoji are five noblemen who attend the prestigious Rozenstolz academy, and who are a part of the Strahl class—a class for potential candidates for the advisory positions in the royal palace in the small European country of Kuchen. Isaac is an English writer who visits Kuchen. While still students, the five noblemen are forced to deal with corrupted politicians, secret agents, attempted murder and ambitious individuals from both inside and outside of school who threatens to break the fragile peace in their country, and even assassinate the king. Morioka Kouhei wants to become a photographer. Unfortunately, he has the tendency to unintentionally capture the images of ghosts on film. One day, he visits an old castle in Germany where he meets a vampire girl, Hazuki. It turns out that Hazuki is confined in the castle against her will. She tries to turn Kouhei into her slave by sucking his blood, with the intent to have him break the device sealing her in the castle. Although Kouhei proves to be immune to the vampire's curse, he is eventually forced to help her. Hazuki successfully escapes from the castle and leaves for Japan to look for her mother. When she arrives in Japan, she goes to Kohei's house where he lives with his grandfather, who agrees to take in the girl. Due to his own childhood experiences, the sympathetic Kouhei agrees to aid Hazuki in her quest. However, other vampires, including Elfried and Count Kinkell, manage to track Hazuki to Japan. They will stop at nothing to retrieve her. (Source: AnimeNfo) This is the missing Hot Springs episode included in the unrated boxset of Maze: Mega-Burst Space. Tragedy strikes the lives of Cless Alvein, a young swordsman, and Chester Barklight, a young archer, as they return to their village of Totus to find it razed to the ground by the mysterious Black Knight. To take over the world, the Black Knight seeks to claim the power of the Demon King, Dhaos—sealed away by the ancestors of Cless and a young cleric named Mint Adnade. Dhaos's reawakening signals not only the end of the Black Knight, but potentially the world. Cless and Mint must now journey a century into the past to rally allies capable of vanquishing the Demon King for once and for all. Tales of Phantasia The Animation follows Cless and Mint's journey through time to long ago, where they forge an alliance with the half-elf sorceress Arche Klaine and the summoner Klarth F. Lester. Together, they strive to defeat Dhaos and his army in saving the past as well as the years to come. A great evil is sweeping over the realm; an evil that the young swordsman Roan and his life-long companion, the acolyte Yufa, must face head on! For these two travel toward their destiny, from the highest towers to the depths of the underworld, through forest and desert alike. With an ever-growing cast of fellow heroes, fate will grasp these travelers by their very souls and propel the band of skilled adventurers towards a noble end. Or ignoble, if they don't watch their step! Monsters are afoot and the way rife with danger and magic, the path forward may be unclear... But where will is strong, there is a way! Lessons wait in the depths of darkness, and good must prevail. The journey starts now! (Source: FUNimation Entertainment) As a talented young acrobat, Sora has dreamed of sharing a stage with the performers of Kaleido Stage, a world renowned circus that combines graceful acrobatics, dazzling costumes, and stunts that keep audiences on the edge of their seats. She makes the move from Japan to California to audition for the show, in hopes of one day basking in the glitz and glamour. However, finding her place in such a competitive world will not be easy. Sora will shed blood, sweat, and tears on her path to becoming a performer, buoyed by the friends she makes along the way. Of course, there will also be rivals and other individuals who do not believe Sora has what it takes to shine as brightly as Kaleido Stage needs her to. Sora will need to endure these trials and tribulations in her quest to become a star, earning the respect of both those who doubt her abilities and by those who are threatened by her. Watch as Sora flies through the bright lights in Kaleido Star ! That jumbled piece of architecture, that cacophony of hissing steam and creaking joints, with smoke billowing from it as it moves on its own... That castle is home to the magnificent wizard Howl, infamous for both his magical prowess and for being a womanizer—or so the rumor goes in Sophie Hatter's small town. Sophie, as the plain daughter of a hatmaker, does not expect much from her future and is content with working hard in the shop. However, Sophie's simple life takes a turn for the exciting when she is ensnared in a disturbing situation, and the mysterious wizard appears to rescue her. Unfortunately, this encounter, brief as it may be, spurs the vain and vengeful Witch of the Waste—in a fit of jealousy caused by a past discord with Howl—to put a curse on the maiden, turning her into an old woman. In an endeavor to return to normal, Sophie must accompany Howl and a myriad of eccentric companions—ranging from a powerful fire demon to a hopping scarecrow—in his living castle, on a dangerous adventure as a raging war tears their kingdom apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A group of enigmatic white-haired children has been spotted at different times and places in Europe for over 500 years. Always with the appearance of 11-year-olds, they behave far more mature than they should be, never grow old, and seem to have supernatural power. What they have been seeking is a girl, and the only clue they have is a picture with a crescent moon. Now, in the year of 2012, an athletic boy named Tohma is about to be involved in this centuries-long mystery. (Source: ANN) Luffy and crew go to an island searching for a legendary sword, said to be the most expensive in the world. Soon attacking marines and beautiful maidens split the crew. Zoro betrays the crew to help an old friend, Luffy and Usopp wander through a cave, and the rest help a village fight marines. When Zoro defeats Sanji he takes the sacred pearls that are the only defense against the evil sword that will plunge the world into darkness. (Source: ANN) Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) The year is 972 A.D. in Kyoto, the capital of ancient Japan. Kyoto is becoming a corrupt and run-down city; selfish samurai and onmyoji, who care only about gaining political power are everywhere. To make matters worse the city is suffering from famine and widespread disease. Unable to ignore the condition of the city any longer, the Imperial Court decides to send Minamoto no Raiko, a famous samurai well-known for his archery skills, to recover a legendary gem said to hold mysterious power to save the world. However Raiko also falls ill to disease. Instead his youngest sister, Hikaru, decides secretely to make the journey in his place. Hikaru meets many people, and has many adventures while on her trip for the legendary gem. (Source: ANN) The storyline revolves around a princess that has returned after 3 years, and a hero that is given the burden to protect the girls (both the princess and the younger sister). (Source: ANN) A fourth episode that was released as an extra in the Suika boxset. Summer has arrived, and many Pokemon have set up shops for a summer festival on the beach. Soon the gang will be blessed by a special performance from the pop idol Azumarill, but upon her arrival, she's kidnapped by the flying Pokemon Skarmory! Pikachu, along with Plusle, Minun, Meowth, Wobbuffet and a number of other Pokemon must now track down the singing beauty; the show must go on! (Source: Anime-Planet) Futari wa Precure protagonists Nagisa Misumi and Honoka Yukishiro are about as different as two people can get. Nagisa is the captain of the lacrosse team, a lover of food, and a hater of homework. Honoka loves to learn, working with the science club and earning the nickname "The Queen of Knowledge" from her fellow classmates. Their lives are unconnected until one day, when a mysterious star shower unites them. Nagisa and Honoka meet Mipple and Mepple, two residents of the Garden of Light. Their homeland has been conquered by the evil forces of the Dark Zone who now have their sights set on the Garden of Rainbows: Earth. With powers from the Garden of Light, Nagisa becomes Cure Black and Honoka becomes Cure White. Together, they are Pretty Cure! Now Pretty Cure must locate the Prism Stones, the only power strong enough to defeat the Dark Zone and repair the damage done to the Garden of Light. Will these magical girls be able to protect their home from the evil that threatens it? Or will they be sucked into the darkness? All his life, Riku Tachibana has been raised by his grandfather. For some reason, the old man has always been fond of strange hand gestures, and they've rubbed off on Riku, who performs them almost subconsciously, to his classmates' great amusement. One day, however, it suddenly becomes clear to Riku what his grandfather has been surreptitiously teaching him. And the teachings could mean the difference between life and death for Riku. (Source: ANN) The story is about a boy named Mangchi. He is small, but he possesses a magical hammer that helps him get around all his problems. Mangchi lives on a small distant island called Candlestick because everywhere else has turned into a wasteland because of some big catastrophe. When Princess Poplar from the kingdom of Jemius is being pursued by henchmen of the conspirator Moonk, Hammerboy sides with her, ready to unleash all his latent powers in order to save humankind. The movie premiered at the Big Apple Anime Fest on August 30 2003, and went into wide release in South Korea on August 6, 2004. (Source: Wikipedia) The story is set in the 22nd century where space travel, planet colonization and anti-gravity basketball are practically everyday things. Planet Earth has become uninhabitable, and therefore people live in colonies on the surrounding planets. On a school field trip, a mistake causes the protagonist, a young transfer student named Luna, her pet robot, and six of her classmates to be thrown through a gravity storm and crash land on a seemingly uninhabited planet. There, with Luna as their leader, the robot cat Chako, the lone wolf Kaoru, the spoiled rich boy Howard, the shy Sharla, the obedient Bell, the prideful musician Menori and the young genius Shingo must fight for their survival. But is the planet really uninhabited, or is there someone or something out there, waiting in the shadows? (Source: Wikipedia) One day, an ordinal high school girl, Ma$%^&* (her name is left to your imagination), met Cheko, who was a maid came from a village of maids. She could melt, fly, and pull her head off .... Anyway, strange @people began to come, for example, a snow fairly who disliked cold, a large squid that could speak, scary persons, and the like. Pyguru is a world of absurdity drawn by a hope of comedy, Konnotohiro. (Source: AnimeNfo) It is the dark century and the people are suffering under the rule of the devil, Vandel, who is able to manipulate monsters. The Vandel Busters are a group of people who hunt these devils, and among them, the Zenon Squad is known to be the strongest busters on the continent. A young boy, Beet, dreams of joining the Zenon Squad. However, one day, as a result of Beet's fault, the Zenon squad was defeated by the devil, Beltose. The five dying busters sacrificed their life power into their five weapons, Saiga. After giving their weapons to Beet, they passed away. Years have passed since then and the young Vandel Buster, Beet, begins his adventure to carry out the Zenon Squad's will to put an end to the dark century. Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things. (Source: ANN) After wandering through the desert for days, a bitter warrior named Munsu is lost and unable to continue. His life is unexpectedly saved by Mon-ryon, a young man who dreams of becoming a secret agent for Jushin, a once-great country that was recently destroyed. Mon-ryon's goal is to save his girlfriend, Chunhyan, a born fighter who is held captive by the evil Lord Byonand. Then, from out of nowhere, blood begins trickling from his chest. He has been fatally wounded by the Sarinjas, a cannibalistic breed of desert goblin. The quick-thinking Munsu convinces these beasts to spare his life, in exchange for the peaceful handover of Mon-ryon's appetizing corpse. Although skeptical of Mon-ryon's motives, Munsu sets out to continue the mission that the young idealist described. Accompanied by an army of ghost troops, unleashed using the powers of Angyo Onshi, Munsu liberates Chunhyan. After visiting her boyfriend's final resting place, she declares herself Munsu's bodyguard and, together, they set out on a mission to punish those who stripped Jushin of its original glory. (Source: AniDB) Thirteen girls, each with the ability to materialize "Elements" and summon metallic guardians called "Childs" have been brought to Fuuka Academy to battle mysterious creatures called Orphans. Each with a different personality and background, they must decide who they truly care about and why they fight. Genjou Sanzou is a Buddhist monk who has been sent by the Emperor on a journey to find the sacred Buddhist scriptures. One day, Sanzou meets an Earth Deity who tells him that Buddha has sent him a disciple: the mischievous Monkey Deity Son Goku, who was sealed inside of a mountain for five hundred years after wreaking havoc in Heaven! Together with the alcohol-loving playboy Cho Hakkai; the heavenly army General Sagojyou; and their horse, the Dragon Crown Prince Ryuuba; there are plenty of adventures to be had from fighting off monsters to bishounen contests. (Source: ANN and AniDB) Pikachu and Meowth are on a search: a search for the elusive Pokémon, Mew. They search everywhere! The sea, the sky, the woods...will they ever find Mew? (Source: Bulbapedia) It is the dark century and the people are suffering under the rule of the devil, Vandel, who is able to manipulate monsters. The Vandel Busters are a group of people who hunt these devils, and among them, the Zenon Squad is known to be the strongest busters on the continent. A young boy, Beet, dreams of joining the Zenon Squad. However, one day, as a result of Beet's fault, the Zenon squad was defeated by the devil, Beltose. The five dying busters sacrificed their life power into their five weapons, Saiga. After giving their weapons to Beet, they passed away. Years have passed since then and the young Vandel Buster, Beet, begins his adventure to carry out the Zenon Squad's will to put an end to the dark century. Two years have passed since the catastrophic event known as the "Continent's Dropping" from the first OVA episode. Yumemi still has not forgotten her ability to see the world above, but now she's in the last years of middle school, tests and real life take over. Unknown to the people of the world, Akuto the world still thrives, but the war rages on. In need of help, Gaz, sends Munto down into Earth once more to find the "Girl of Destiny" in order to save Heaven from its ultimately demise. Yumemi must once confront the only world she sees, and not even her friends Ichiko and Suzune can help her. (Source: ANN) Amano Sakogami is a girl who has an unnatural amount of bad luck. One day, she stumbles into the clubroom of the Better Fortune Research Organization, which consists of a boy and seven other girls who secretly use the power of the luck deities to fight against the Magatsugami, monsters who can affect a person's luck & well-being. Amano soon becomes the club's manager, and joins the club in their fight against the Magatsugami and their controller, Kukitomoe. (Source: ANN) After a routine raid, the rookie sky pirate Coud finds a most unusual cargo in his mates' cargo hold: Ren, an "Edel Reid", a race prized by humans for granting special combat power to their partners through "Reacting". He quickly discovers, however, that Ren is even more prized than he expected. The pirate ship is visited by three members of the Edel Reid Complete Protection Agency "Arc Aire", who try to purchase her. When Coud refuses, the ship is suddenly attacked by a mysterious force, and Coud's captain charges him with Ren's protection. (Source: ANN) Seiya and the rest of the Bronze and Gold Saints who have survived the Sanctuary battle have entered the world of the Dead. They are fighting to get to Hades and defeat him. (Source: ANN) A prequel to the Kino no Tabi series, Kino is being trained by her teacher. She learns how to ride Hermes and becomes gifted with excellent marksmanship. However, her guilt revolving the real Kino is with her when she decides to set off on a journey. Shizou even directs her to Kino's real mother. All the while, Kino is becoming confused with her real identity. (Source: ANN) In the world of Loveless , each person is born with cat ears and a tail, which disappear only if that person engages in a sexual intercourse. Because of this, they have come to symbolize virginity and innocence. Additionally, fighting is only done by "fighting pairs" or couples, where one is known as the Sacrifice and the other as the Fighter. The first receives the damage while the latter attacks. Ritsuka Aoyagi is a 12-year-old boy, who for some unknown reason suffers from amnesia. His brother got killed recently, and as if his life has not been hard enough lately, on his first day at the new school he gets approached by a stranger called Agatsuma Soubi, who claims to have known his late brother. Ritsuka finds out that Agatsuma and his brother used to be a fighting pair, and that Agatsuma has inherited Ritsuga now that his brother is gone. Together, they try to find the truth behind his brother's death and the organization known as the "Seven Moons," which may have been responsible for it. All the while, it seems that Ritsuka and Agatsuma are becoming closer than they intended to be… This is the 8th Movie. In the town of Lohta, a festival is thrown praising "Aaron the Wave Leader Hero" who, according to the legend passed down through the town's generations, stopped a war centuries ago by using the power of "the Tree of the World's Origin." Satoshi and Pikachu participate in a battle to decide this year's hero and after their victory, they are chosen as the "Wave Leader Hero." A grand dance party is held in the castle to celebrate the victor, but suddenly the phantom Pokemon Mew appears and takes Pikachu. Soon afterwards, the Wave Leader Pokemon "Lucario" is freed from his centuries-long seal and meets Satoshi. Satoshi must solve the various mysteries of where Pikachu is, what Mew's after, what the secret of the legend of the Wave Leader is and how it ties in with Lucario's hidden past as he makes his way to "the Tree of the World's Origin" with Lucario. (Source: ANN) After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) 10-year-old Negi Springfield is a wizard-in-training, and needs only to pass one more test in order to become a Master Wizard. Unfortunately, his final task is a bizarre one—to become a English teacher at an all-females boarding school. As soon as he arrives, he completely embarrasses one of his students, Asuna Kagurazaka, and replaces the teacher she loves, which garners her hatred. To make matters worse, Asuna learns that Negi is a wizard, and promises to tell unless he helps her out. But unfortunately, circumstances force them to work together to do many things, from fighting evil wizards to helping the class pass their final exam, with a lot of humor, magic, and romances thrown in. (Source: ANN, edited) The Orcoro Circus is a band of people who have come together to bring joy to people's faces. Julio, a young boy in the Orcoro circus, wants to be a professional and famous Monster Breeder. One day after a performance a mysterious beautiful girl with special powers by the name of Nayuta came to force her way into the circus troop. (Source: Wikipedia) Chocolat Meilleure and Vanilla Mieux are two witches who are pitched in a contest to see who will become the new Queen of the Witch World. They must travel to the Human World and collect the hearts of humans. Whoever collects the most "human hearts" wins. Even though they're rivals, the two are still best friends. Join them on this adventure! Mushiking movie. During an excavation at the mysterious ruins in Clow Country, Syaoran discovers his childhood friend Princess Sakura appear on the site with wings that disperse into many feathers. As the feather's disappear to different dimensions, so does Sakura's memory. In attempts to save Sakura's life and restore her memory, Syaoran travels through to another world to find a solution. There's only one thing left he can do. Travel through to different dimensions to collect Sakura's feathers. Helping out with the quest is Kurogane, an exiled ninja from Japan Country who wishes to return to his world, the runaway magician, Fay, who desires to jump between each world never to return to his own and the white meat-bun shaped creature, Mokona. Short clips about what happens after the TV series. A funny side side story of the series. Shortly after the fall of the Wicked King, the Queen of the Garden of Light lost her memory and came to Earth, in the form of a 12-year-old girl named Hikari Kujou. Now, she—with the help of Nagisa and Honoka, endowed with new costumes and powers—must find the 12 Heartiels, which hold the key to restoring the Queen's lost memories. For together once again, they are Pretty Cure. (Source: AniDB) The Courageous Warriors of the Garden of Hope have summoned Nagisa, Honoka, and Hikari to protect their kingdom from a witch who plans to steal the Diamond Line, which is a set of jewelry the queen of the Garden of Hope wears to a ceremony every year to replenish the water of the kingdom. The witch plans to resurrect the Dark Lord and if she does so, not only will the Garden of Hope be destroyed, but other kingdoms in the galaxies, including the Garden of Rainbows and the Garden of Light. (Source: ANN) On his way to visit the Queen of the Garden of Light, the Sage of the Garden of Clouds accidentally drops the egg of the Houhou. The egg lands in the Garden of Rainbows, where it is found by Hikari, attracting the attention of a powerful pair of servants of the Dark Lord. (Source: AniDB) A story about a goat and a wolf who become friends on a stormy night, and how they overcome differences and hardships. (Source: ANN) In an alternate reality world that resembles Edo Period Japan, Luffy acts as a member of the police. This is made up of two adventures: in the first, Buggy makes trouble in the town; in the second, a mysterious girl named Vivi appears (aired after Episode 253). This special contains several cameos from characters throughout the entire series. A second pair of episodes were aired after episode 290, continuing this story, as part of the New Year's special. A virtual world was created by the present-day network called the "Digital World." The "Digital Monster," which is a digital life object, was born, and the host computer Yggdrasil managed the different Digital World areas. However, it developed the X Program of fear to eliminate all Digimon in the old world and develop a new Digital World for only certain Digimon... Now, the greatest crisis ever approaches the Digital World. The X-Digimon, a new type of Digital Monster, is hunted by the Royal Knights who protect the Digital Worlds. Their master, the network overseer Yggdrasil, seeks to set in motion Project Ark to renew the Digital Worlds and create new Digimon, but at the cost of all other digital life. This new X-Digimon will seek out the answers to its own existence as it tries to protect the life of all Digimon, and in the process it will change the Digital Worlds forever. (Source: ANN)  Baikinman is snatched by a black cloud inhabited by a princess who loves black, Kuroyukihime. She is immediately thrilled with him and starts making trouble with him, turning everything black. However, both Dokin-chan and Anpanman are determined to stop her. (Source: ANN) Akane Motomiya and her friends Tenma and Shimon are pulled by a demon into another world, where Akane becomes the Priestess of the Dragon God. The people of this world tell her that she is the only one who can stop the demons from taking over; meanwhile, the demons want to use her power for their own ends. Luckily, Akane has the Hachiyou, eight men with powers of their own who are sworn to protect the Dragon Priestess. (Source: ANN) My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. Yagi Takeru has been living in the Touma family's house since his parents are gone. He was raised by Touma Rokunosuke, the head of the house. He is surrounded by many people such as Yamato Takeshi, his best friend-cum-rival from the kendo club, the Shiratori sisters, Kotono and Asuka, and his childhood friend, Oosu Seri. Life has been blissful until one day, an earthquake strikes the school and everything changes. Takeru awakens to find that the school looks as if it has been abandoned for centuries and reduced to ruins. He also realize that all the teachers and students have disappeared as well. He meets up with Seri and Asuka and they fled from the ruins, only to realize that the town they used to live in is completely empty. Subsequently, people wrapped in cloaks appear before him. They were told that they have been brought to another world. (Source: ANN) On the first day her family moved to their new house, 5-year-old Ami-chan made friends with three talking animals who came out of a door in her bedroom floor, which she finds out leads to Animal Yokocho, another world. The three are Issa, an overly innocent, soft-spoken panda, Kenta, a highly strung, red-scarf-loving bear who puts on an almost constant tough-guy act, and Iyo, a rabbit who usually holds her own well-being and enjoyment over the happiness (and safety) of her friends. Even at only 5 years old, Ami-chan is easily the most rational of the group, and she's a little wary at first, but she eventually comes around and starts spending her free time with them. A typical day involves Ami-chan and the three doing different things to pass the time, often playing a seemingly innocent game, but in AniYoko style. Unfortunately for Ami-chan, the AniYoko version usually turns out to be drastically different, much less logical, and usually more dangerous than the ordinary version. (Source: ANN) Long ago there was a war in Heaven which resulted in Judas and Luca – two of the six specially-chosen, talented and strong Saint Beasts – being cast out and imprisoned in Hell for leading the rebellion. But before that Heaven had been a peaceful place where the angels happily lived their lives. In this time, Judas, Luca, Goh, Shin, Rey and Gai are adolescent angels in Heaven who, on the day of Benediction, are made into adults by the supreme god Zeus. With each of the six having their own special abilities and new adult bodies to get used to, opportunities to meet each other arise and new friendships are formed. (Source: Anivide) DVD specials. A world of the future, madly over populated, searches for a new home on Mars to help support humanity. After terraforming Mars into a habitable landscape a Japanese ship returning from the planet crash-lands on a Tokyo street, unleashing a terrible monster. The only man who can stop Negadon is Dr. Narasaki, and his robot Miroku... (Source: ANN) Aizawa Ayumu is a young boy, who is sent to a small town called Tana to live with his father for a while. Even though he doesn't want to go, he agrees to do so when his mother offers him a mountain bike. Ayumu used to live in Tana before, and now his memories of the time are shrouded in mystery - apparently something happened when he was a child. Enter Miku, a young girl who knows more than she tells, weird glowing lights floating around, reflections of UFOish objects in the eyes of cats and dogs, a nosy female announcer, a forest with a mysterious past, and a weird boy called Wakkun, who wears the clothes Ayumu used to when he was a child, and you get the world of Zettai Shonen, where mysteries remain mysteries amidst a slow, normal, everyday life. (Source: ANN) Sequel to the madcap Guardian Hearts OVA series, continuing with Kazuya's misadventures. Two years ago, the world was changed forever. The young Cloud Strife and his band of friends may have defeated Sephiroth and thwarted his plan to crash a giant meteor into the Earth, but this victory was not without great cost. The highly populated city of Midgar was nearly ripped apart in the conflict. Fortunately, many of the city's citizens were able to evacuate to safety, and in the years afterward have formed a new home called Edge. Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children revolves around Cloud and Tifa as they try to make new lives for themselves, as well as for those around them, in this new city. Together they run a courier service, and tend to their mutual friend Barret’s adopted daughter Marlene and a young orphan by the name of Denzel. Denzel, Cloud, and scores of children are suffering from a mysterious new illness called "Geostigma." The children of the city have one other threat looming over their heads—a trio of powerful men are kidnapping infected kids for unknown reasons. Cloud is determined to save these young ones, not only from Geostigma, but from the kidnappers as well. He has no idea, however, that these men share a link to his old enemy, Sephiroth, and Cloud’s quest to vanquish them will bring him back into conflict with the demons of his past. If there is any hope in conquering these threats, it lays within the bonds of friendship between Cloud and his allies who saved the world once, and now must do so again. The plot of Open Your Mind follows the extraterrestrial origin of life, coming from outerspace as six deities (Intermission act), evolving into water (Sho-ho) then emerging to the air (Hyakkin) and to the ground (Ku-nu). Each one of these creatures rules one of the six elements of the godai philosophy, i.e. Earth, Water, Fire, Wind (referred to as kaze in the Hyakkin chant), Sky and Consciousness (referred to as "Awakening" in the movie's title). (Source: Wikipedia) Morioka Kouhei wants to become a photographer. Unfortunately, he has the tendency to unintentionally capture the images of ghosts on film. One day, he visits an old castle in Germany where he meets a vampire girl, Hazuki. It turns out that Hazuki is confined in the castle against her will. She tries to turn Kouhei into her slave by sucking his blood, with the intent to have him break the device sealing her in the castle. Although Kouhei proves to be immune to the vampire's curse, he is eventually forced to help her. Hazuki successfully escapes from the castle and leaves for Japan to look for her mother. When she arrives in Japan, she goes to Kohei's house where he lives with his grandfather, who agrees to take in the girl. Due to his own childhood experiences, the sympathetic Kouhei agrees to aid Hazuki in her quest. However, other vampires, including Elfried and Count Kinkell, manage to track Hazuki to Japan. They will stop at nothing to retrieve her. (Source: AnimeNfo) Kino sets off to yet another country: Tower Country. Here all citizens work on the construction of a massive tower, without knowing what purpose it serves. The rather odd encounter with a young boy adds yet another twist to the story. Five dangerous "seeds" have been stolen from their vault in the world of Evergreen and taken to Earth. Natsuki, an agent of the Queen, has been sent to retrieve them. However, he cannot do this alone and enlists the aid of Chihaya, a middle school student, who is "the only one" who can help him. With his aid she transforms into Magical Warrior Carmine in order to save the humans possessed by the seeds. Questions abound though, such as why Chihaya's mother appears to know all about this secret activity, why Chihaya remembers her father who reportedly died before her birth, and why she dreams of Evergreen, which she has never seen. (Source: ANN) The world has become a slaughtering ground for the Crimson Denizens, mysterious beings from a parallel universe who thrive on the life energy of humans. These merciless murderers only leave behind scant remainders of souls called "Torches," which are mere residues that will eventually be destroyed, along with the very fact of the victims' existence from the minds of the living. In an ambitious endeavor to put an end to this invisible, hungry massacre, warriors called Flame Hazes relentlessly fight these monsters. One fateful day, Yuuji Sakai ceases to be a regular high schooler—he becomes trapped in a crevice of time and is suddenly attacked by a Denizen. Coming to his rescue just in the nick of time is a nameless hunter who seems no different from an ordinary young girl except for her blazing eyes and burning crimson hair. However, before Yuuji can learn anything more about his situation, he discovers that he has already been reduced to a Torch—merely a scrap of memory waiting to be extinguished. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Anime based on JRPG series Spectral Force. Ires and his father, Leglight are peddlers. Near Gramnoa,they met a genius "tempest", Yuan. Yuan thinks they are bandits, and began to fight. Leglight wields his mystic weapon, and beats him back. However, right after that, he is swallowed into black light leaving the weapon, a "device", and a message, “Visit Oldman in Gramnoa”. To look for his father, he leaves for Gramnoa. (Source: Animenfo) The world of the humans and the world of the demons (youkai) have overlapped one another, leaving humans to walk the streets of life as they normally would, while demons walk, hidden from the naked eye, down the very same streets. A seemingly young woman named Yurine and her servant, the Karas (from the Japanese word for "Crow"), have long maintained order and balance between the overlapped worlds, ultimately keeping the demons from interrupting the lives of humans. However, humans have come to forget and jest at the existence of demons, and no longer understand the privilege it is to live without fear. Disgusted by this arrogance, an old Karas turns his back on the laws he had once upheld, and in his human form, named Eko, he creates an army of Mikura, or mechanized demons, to ready an attack on the human race. A young man named Otoha inherits the powers of the Karas and takes his place at the side of Yurine, who claims that his soul called out for her while he lived the life of a human. They live in the world of the demons. It is now up to Otoha to prove himself as a Karas, and restore the balance that Eko threatens to upset. Meanwhile, a superstitious police officer named Sagisaka and his rational new recruit, Kure, follow the trail of the murders dealt by Eko's Mikura, as well as the trail of a rogue Mikura named Nue. The prophecy unfolds from here into a grave revelation for all in the city. (Source: Wikipedia) Long, long time ago there where both science and magic in the human world. But God became afraid of the Human`s unlimited potential, so he divided the world into two and sealed them apart. One world with magic and the other one with science. Suzukaze Sota is a normal boy except that he has the Key in his body to break the Seal. The evil witch Cendrillon want that power and tries to take it. Akazukin and Val, a silver wolf, came from the magic-world to prevent her from that. A grand story of a boy who will lead a checkered life and girls in fairly lands has just begun. (Source: AniDB) It follows the story of a fairy named Mi who is sent to Planet Pandasia to warn the residents about a great evil that threatens to destroy Pandasia. She chooses a heroic panda named Toby to defeat Gold and Silver, two villains who want to collect the seven Beans of Power and rid Pandasia of its colorful, beautiful environment and replace it with a dark wasteland. (Source: Wikipedia) Based off of the game. Popo, and his family were harmoniously living with the insects in the forest until one day when his father left him and gave him a mysterious pendant with magical powers. Now, with mysterious events happened to his mother, he must travel with his newly found companions to the forest to solve the mysteries bound in the east. (Source: ANN) After the destruction of Nibelheim at the hands of Sephiroth, Zack and Cloud are on the run from Shinra Inc. As they make their way back to Midgar, they recall the horrible events that happened at Nibelheim, as well as fight for survival against Shinra. (Source: ANN) In desperation, Edward Elric sacrificed his body and soul to rescue his brother Alphonse, and is now displaced in the heart of Munich, Germany. He struggles to adapt to a world completely foreign to him in the wake of the economic crisis that followed the end of World War I. Isolated and unable to return home with his alchemy skills, Edward continues to research other methods of escaping the prison alongside colleagues who bear striking resemblances to many of the people he left behind. As dissent brews among the German citizenry, its neighbors also feel the unrest of the humiliated nation. Meanwhile, Alphonse continues to investigate Edward's disappearance, delving into the science of alchemy in the hopes of finally reuniting with his older brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story is an epic adventure based on a famous Korean folk tale about a daughter who sacrifices herself to restore her blind father's eyesight. A group of enigmatic white-haired children has been spotted at different times and places in Europe for over 500 years. Always with the appearance of 11-year-olds, they behave far more mature than they should be, never grow old, and seem to have supernatural power. What they have been seeking is a girl, and the only clue they have is a picture with a crescent moon. Now, in the year of 2012, an athletic boy named Tohma is about to be involved in this centuries-long mystery. (Source: ANN) This is a story about a country of "Sukima", a tranquil country that is in between the worlds. Porta, the hero in this story leisurely delivers parcels for everyone in town, riding on Robaroba, his partner. Will Porta be able to deliver important parcels safely? Zouzou, Kabakaba and variety of other characters are expected to be in the story. This is the first original animation of Ryoji Arai, the winner of Astrid Lindgren Award. "Mushi": the most basic forms of life in the world. They exist without any goals or purposes aside from simply "being." They are beyond the shackles of the words "good" and "evil." Mushi can exist in countless forms and are capable of mimicking things from the natural world such as plants, diseases, and even phenomena like rainbows. This is, however, just a vague definition of these entities that inhabit the vibrant world of Mushishi, as to even call them a form of life would be an oversimplification. Detailed information on Mushi is scarce because the majority of humans are unaware of their existence. So what are Mushi and why do they exist? This is the question that a "Mushi-shi," Ginko, ponders constantly. Mushi-shi are those who research Mushi in hopes of understanding their place in the world's hierarchy of life. Ginko chases rumors of occurrences that could be tied to Mushi, all for the sake of finding an answer. It could, after all, lead to the meaning of life itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Straw Hat crew obtain an advertisement for a recreational island on the Grand Line run by the Baron Omatsuri. Luffy decides to take this opportunity to kick back and relax. Unfortunately, when they arrive at the island, they are asked to compete in contests through unity for access to relaxation. However, there seems to be a mysterious air on the island, as the Straw Hat Pirates begin to fight amongst themselves, while Robin, Chopper, and Luffy individually search for the secret behind Baron Omatsuri's island. (Source: ANN) Drift peacefully into Neo Venezia, a city on the planet Aqua (formerly known as Mars). By the 24th century, humans have found a way to colonize the previously uninhabitable planet. As futuristic as that sounds, Neo Venezia is still teeming with rustic beauty; gondolas on wide canals and waterways are the main mode of transportation. The city itself is a faithful replication of Manhome's (the planet formerly known as Earth) Venice. To make sure that residents and tourists alike get the most from Neo Venezia's many wonders, companies offering guided tours via gondola were formed, one of which is named Aria Company. This is the workplace of Akari Mizunashi, a free spirited teenager from Manhome who is now a novice Undine (the title given to tour guides). Join Akari as she becomes intimately acquainted with other Undine, tourists, Neo Venezia's residents, and even the city itself, learning many valuable life lessons along the way, such as the wonderful truth that there are such things as manmade miracles. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition: whenever girls touch him, or even come close, he breaks out in hives. Imagine his surprise, when he is suddenly transported to the city of Seiren on a mystic world invisibly orbiting the Earth, and populated with vast numbers of women and very few men. Fortunately, he has a new friend, Miharu-chan, whose touch inexplicably doesn't affect him. (Source: ANN) Yuto Takamine and his younger sister-in-law Kaori, were at their parents' grave, when they were suddenly summoned into another world, Phantasmagoria. The King and a woman named Restina took Kaori as a hostage, and ordered Yuto to fight against their enemies. Then, the King gave him a sword called Motomeh to protect their kingdom from enemy spirits. Kaori will only be freed if Yuto helps protect Phantasmagoria. Thus, Yuto's journey begins... (Source: ANN) Set in an alternate version of the Meiji Era, a boy named Sakamoto Ryunosuke returns to Kyoto from Shanghai with his monster (youkai) Nekomaru. The law states that in order to live freely with humans, a youkai must be liscensed. The Kidou Shinsengumi Co. Ltd. is responsible for the capture of unliscensed youkais but must fight with the Tsubamegumi, who resents the new law. It turns out that Ryunosuke is the son of the owner of the Shinsengumis. The year is 972 A.D. in Kyoto, the capital of ancient Japan. Kyoto is becoming a corrupt and run-down city; selfish samurai and onmyoji, who care only about gaining political power are everywhere. To make matters worse the city is suffering from famine and widespread disease. Unable to ignore the condition of the city any longer, the Imperial Court decides to send Minamoto no Raiko, a famous samurai well-known for his archery skills, to recover a legendary gem said to hold mysterious power to save the world. However Raiko also falls ill to disease. Instead his youngest sister, Hikaru, decides secretely to make the journey in his place. Hikaru meets many people, and has many adventures while on her trip for the legendary gem. (Source: ANN) Ark takes place on a dying alien world in which a global war between two technologically advanced human civilizations has reduced the planet to a wasteland. The only way to escape the world is by activating the Ark, an ancient giant robot capable of supporting a human city as well as traveling through space. (Source: Wikipedia) Short anime series released online by Bandai to promote their collectible miniatures game series, Navia Dratp. Because his friends fired a rocket into the US Army camp, Suzuki was wanted by the US Army and the police. While he was running away the sea surface suddenly rose, and when a brilliant light appeared he saw a strange looking battleship flying in the air. He was dumped into the sea and when he crawled onto the battleship there was a beautiful girl standing there. She said her name was Lyx, the princess of another world, and added, "My Father is Japanese, Shinjiro Sakomizu. Please help me, Suzuki." Based on the novel series by the Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino. (Source: AnimeNfo) Pikachu and his friends have a picnic when they discover a Ghost Festival. The walk in to it, and find out that it is haunted by Ghost Pokemon and other Pokemon such as Koffing, Lickitung, Ditto, and Cubone. Meowth also discovers the Ghost Festival and gets scared out of his mind. Pikachu makes friends with the ghosts, and they work together to make Meowth run out of the Festival. (Source: ANN) Mai, a Santa in training, appears in front of an unlucky boy named Santa on Christmas Eve, promising him that she will make him happy for one night. A town is attacked by a deadly creature, it can only be stopped with the Dragon Blade. The one person who knows where the blade is won't tell Lang, and even if he did, untold peril will fall on anyone who dares to find this legendary weapon. (Source: AniDB) In a Japan not quite like our own, the "youkai" (supernatural creatures) have started living together with humans. Now, in an ordinary school, all sorts of "monsters" attend regular classes. A human boy, Oohashi Shingo, finds himself attracted to one of these creatures, a "petopeto" called Fujimura Hatoko. Petoko, as she is called, is a minor monster, with only the power to stick to something she adores. Like Shingo.... (Source: ANN) Advent Children Special Edition is the 25 minute version of the movie which was shown at the 62nd Venice Film Festival in 2005. Available as dvd bonus on 2-disc special edition. A reflection on what happened during the FMA TV series. The year is 1614 AD. Two warring ninja clans, each supporting a son of Hidetada Tokugawa as the next shogun, send ten representatives each to fight to the death for the possession of a scroll. The prize: the annihilation of the other and the staunch support of the Tokugawa government for the winning clan for the next thousand years. (Source: ANN) Cluster Edge Academy isn't just any school; it's THE school, where the offspring of the elite come together to prepare for their roles running a world where artificial soldiers and religious sects are major factors in the battle for total control. Which may be part of why new transfer student Agate Fluorite doesn't quite seem to fit in. It's not just that Agate's enthusiastic attitude stands out among the somber, brooding balance of the student body. There's something about him that demands notice, even from jaded honors students like Beryl Jasper, and from the moment of arrival he's been at the center of a series of mysteries that not even Agate understands. Because Agate's not just another student, he's part of a something so momentous, and dangerous, that the world that built Cluster Edge may not survive its passing. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Dreaming of a magical world every night, the young Toramizu Ginta yearns to be able to go there. With only his friend Koyuki believing in his dreams, Ginta remains positive despite the slander he receives from others over his dreams. But his wishes are answered, as one day a large door appears in front of Ginta, summoning him to the land of MAR Heaven. In this land, the weapons known as ARMS exist. While initially Ginta greatly enjoyed the discovery of this magical world, he soon learns of the terrible wars that have once plagued MAR Heaven and the upcoming war that may soon appear. Mix Masters is a Korea-Japan co-produced anime series, also known by the name Mix Master: King of Cards. It is a co-production by Nippon Animation of Japan and Sunwoo Entertainment and KBS of Korea. The story centers on the fantasy and adventure card game, Mix Master, and the transference of this game from a video game to the real world after a scientist's new invention goes terribly wrong. Creatures from the video game called henches run loose upon the real world and it is up to the Mix Master to stop those creatures from causing trouble. All the while, an evil leader from the video game, Prince Brad, causes trouble for them for some nefarious purpose. (Source: Wikipedia) Shuffle! Prologue is a short OVA teaser for the Shuffle! anime series based on the visual novel of the same name. While some of the animation was reused for the first episode of the anime series, most of Shuffle! Prologue is unique animation not repeated in the series, although the story itself is retold. (Source: Wikipedia) A dark stop motion anime about a loan traveller in a desert who finds a solitary box. When he opens it he finds a rundown and rather spooky city made up of large tower block apartments. Suddenly a mysterious ghostly stick entity appears and seems to follow our hero. What is the purpose of this strange figure? Note : There was five episodes planned for this project, but only the first episode was fully completed before production came to a halt in 2010. Based on the children's story by Hans Christian Andersen. Gerda and Kai have been neighbors and best friends since childhood. Gerda is eleven, Kai twelve. They were happy children who worked and played as they should. All that changed when the Snow Queen's mirror broke. The shards spread all through the world, each containing evil. If a shard went inside your eye, it would turn your heart to ice. A shard went into Kai's eye. After that, he grew cold to those he loved. One night, the Snow Queen came in her carriage and took Kai back to her ice castle at the farthest north point of the world. Everyone in Kai and Gerda's village didn't know where he went and believed he died from drowning in the frozen-over lake. Gerda doesn't believe this, for she dreamed of seeing Kai enter the carriage. When a drunk man admits that he also saw this, Gerda starts realizing that maybe what she saw wasn't a dream. She packs her things and goes on a journey to save Kai and bring him back home. (Source: Wikipedia) In present times, Gods and Demons coexist together with Humans after the door between each of these worlds had opened. Tsuchimi Rin is a normal young high school student attending Verbena Academy, spending his days living peacefully with his childhood friend Kaede. Unexpectedly, one day the King of Gods, the King of Demons and their families move into be Rin's next door neighbors. Apparently the daughter of the Gods, Sia, and the daughter of the demons, Nerine, are both deeply in love with Rin after having met him in the past. Along with his playful friendship with upperclassmen Asa and his encounter with the silent but cute Primula, Rin has much on his hands dealing with the affections of each of these girls. Based on the eroge by Navel. In their continuing journey to find the feathers that are the fragments of Sakura's lost memory, Syaoran, Kurogane, Fai, and Sakura move through time and space with Mokona. Here, they visit the "Land of the Birdcage," a seemingly peaceful country where people and birds live together, each person having a bird companion. After a boy named Koruri confuses Syaoran and Sakura for "bodyguards" and attacks them, they learn that the king of the country possesses a mysterious power. Princess Tomoyo, Koruri, and the other oppressed citizens, having had their birds taken from them, live in hiding within the forest. In order to take back Sakura's feather, Syaoran and the others stand up against the scheming king. (Source: ANN) Kotencotenco is a gag strip anime for young children featuring the flourishes of the Prince of the country of the Paradice, Kotenco. Kotenco guards the “Angel Star” for the Queen in the Paradice. Kotenco is a very good child, but when the bad spirits rise, Kotenco transforms into Matenco. Unlike Kotenco, Matenco is a very naughty child and troubles everyone. But don't worry! By changing the angel ring, Matenco goes back to being Kotenco. Will Kotenco be able to guard the “Angel Star” from the ruler and the Devil of the Country of the Ground, who is aiming for the Paradice? Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things. (Source: ANN) Naruto, Shikamaru, and Sakura are executing their mission of delivering a lost pet to a certain village. However, right in the midst of things, troops led by the mysterious knight, Temujin, attack them. In the violent battle, the three become separated. Temujin challenges Naruto to a fight and at the end of the fierce battle, both fall together from a high cliff. Furthermore, Shikamaru, having been left behind, beholds a giant moving fortress as it appears before his very eyes. In order to get a grasp on the situation, he infiltrates the fortress by himself, however once there he witnesses a frightening sight... (Source: ANN) A Korean animated full-feature film about the gods in ancient Greece. It was created to teach young people about ancient Greece and its myths. Arika Yumemiya has traveled far in search of her goal: the prestigious Gualderobe Academy. This is the school where young girls are trained to become Otomes, protectors of royal leaders throughout the lands. Here, Arika makes plenty of friends, but some enemies know something about her past that she does not. Nevertheless, her spirit and determination will keep pushing her forward. Adapted from its predecessor, Mai-HiME, this series is not a direct sequel, but an alternate universe setting featuring some of the Mai-HiME cast (though with different personalities). (Source: ANN) Recap of episodes 1-9. Yonna and Stan, brother and sister, live in isolation because of their special powers. There are enigmatic people who plot to use their power, in conflict with the king`s government, which is also planning to draw them onto their side. Intrigue surrounds Yonna, and now a new agent comes to see her. (Source: AniDB) When Pikachu and friends decide to stop by a tropical island for some rest and relaxation, they got more than they had bargained for after Chatot discovers a Treasure Map! They follow the map to Wailord’s Tear, a mysterious place located in a sunken pirate ship. Will Pikachu and friends find the treasure? What mysteries and dangers are in store? Will our pals return safely? Find out in Pikachu’s Ocean Adventure! (Source: Bulbapedia) A failed DNA experiment with plants has changed the world forever. Having demolished the moon, the intelligent and aggressive plant-life has spread to the earth and destroyed the human civilization. The few humans that remain struggle to survive, while maintaining an uneasy truce with the restless forest. One day, a villager named Agito stumbles across a stasis unit hidden deep in the forest and awakens a very cute girl from the past. Having slept for the past 300 years, Tula steps into a very different and strange world. The neighboring high-tech village of Ragna is still locked in a bitter war with the forest and when they become aware of Tula, they realize that she is the key to activating her father's final and ultimate weapon of humanity—a weapon designed to totally destroy the forest. When Tula is taken by the warriors of Ragna, Agito makes a pact with the forest to gain the strength and incredible powers to not only save her, but to stop the weapon from destroying both the forest and his village. (Source: AniDB) Kitty and Mimmy come upon the Apple Forest thanks to the help of a forest fairy. The fairy kingdom welcomes them as the "Twin Heroines" and ask that they save the princess. The key to the rescue is a golden apple and so the sisters' adventure beings. Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière is a self-absorbed mage in a world of wands, cloaks, and royalty. Although she studies at Tristain Academy, a prestigious school for magicians, she has a major problem: Louise is unable to cast magic properly, earning her the nickname of "Louise the Zero" from her classmates. When the first year students are required to perform a summoning ritual, Louise's summoning results in a catastrophic explosion! Everyone deems this to be yet another failure, but when the smoke clears, a boy named Saito Hiraga appears. Now Louise's familiar, Saito is treated as a slave, forced to clean her clothes and eat off the ground. But when an unfamiliar brand is found etched on Saito's hand from the summoning ritual, it is believed to be the mark of a powerful familiar named Gandalfr. Wild, adventurous, and explosive, Zero no Tsukaima follows Saito as he comes to terms with his new life and as Louise proves that there is more to her than her nickname suggests. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The adventures of a whiny teenage Miyamoto Musashi, his electro-sword and demon-sealing revolvers, and his quest to win the love of the beautiful Kaguyahime. (Source: ANN) Based on the RPG game of the same name. Aurica Nestmile is a young Reyvateil, or "singing maiden" who feels her song magic is not of much use to anyone. From high up on the tower Ar Tonelico comes Lyner Barsett, whose airship is totaled upon impact with the ground. These two meet up, and in the search for someone who can repair the ship, end up helping both each other and themselves. Ten years after the Holy War in Hong Kong, Mochizuki Jirou, aka the Silver Blade, and the lone hero who fought and defeated the Kowloon Children despite the loss of his lover, returns to Japan with his young brother, Mochizuki Kotarou. The two quickly discover that the Kowloon Children who survived the Holy War are seeking to infiltrate the "Special Zone", a thriving city protected by an invisible barrier that will not allow Kowloon Children entrance, unless they're invited. Red Bloods refers to the humans; Black Bloods are the vampires, and the Mochizuki Brothers are Old Blood, the last descendants of an elite clan of vampires. When Kotarou is abducted by one of the Kowloon Children, Jirou has no choice but to fight once more. (Source: ANN) Dr. Yung, an enigmatic Pokémon scientist, has developed a new Mirage system that uses computer data to resurrect extinct Pokémon, like Kabutops and Armaldo. Professor Oak, Ash and his companions show up at the Mirage Mansion at Dr. Yung's invitation, and watch a demonstration of the machine's capabilities. In the middle of a battle between Dr. Yung's Mirage Pokémon and Ash, the machine goes haywire and a Mirage Aerodactyl swoops in and kidnaps Dr. Yung. A man calling himself "The Mirage Master" appears and announces to everyone that the Mirage System can be used to create Pokémon with absolutely no weaknesses. Ash, Misty, and Professor Oak struggle to stop the madman and escape with their lives. (Source: ANN) Yuji and Shana's class go on a trip to see various temples and shrines, followed by a trip to a hot springs resort. During the trip, Matake Ogata tries to tell Eita Tanaka her feelings for him, but various complications and hijinks occur that prevent her from doing so. During the summer festival five years ago, two girls met at a mysterious tree and saw two glowing spheres. Now, these two girls--Saki Hyuuga, ace pitcher on the school softball team; and Mai Mishou, who prefers sketching over stargazing--are chosen by the spirits of flowers (Flappy) and birds (Choppy) to restore the Seven Fountains and save their worlds from Dark Autumn. Together, they are the NEW Pretty Cure. (Source: ANN) The story begins when high school student Kazuki Muto is killed one night saving a mysterious girl from a monster, only to wake up in his school dorm, believing it to have been a dream; however, he soon finds out that dream wasn't a dream at all when a giant serpentine monster attacks him and his sister. Tokiko Tsumura, the girl he saved, explains that the monster is a homunculus. Kazuki had been attacked and killed by it when he was rescuing her; however, she, feeling responsible for him, revived him by placing a Kakugane medallion in his chest, serving as a replacement heart. The Kakugane, as Tokiko explains, is an alchemical device that, when activated, takes a certain form based on the Kakugane's user, forming a unique Buso Renkin. The Buso Renkin is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus monster. Using this, Kazuki creates his own Buso Renkin (the "Sunlight Heart," a huge lance). Along with Tokiko and her own Buso Renkin (the "Valkyrie Skirt," an execution scythe), Kazuki joins the fight against the homunculi and their master. A remake of the Negima anime with its own original story. Wizard Negi Springfield may be a boy, but he has a man-sized job to do! Fresh from the Academy of Magic, Negi continues his training as an instructor at Mahora Academy in Japan. But before he can get his Masters in magic, the 31 schoolgirls of Class 3-A are gonna keep him up all night cramming for a final exam in will power. Temptation aside, Negi has more on his syllabus than flirting and spells. Darkness is closing in, and Negi is gonna need help from his lovely student bodies to drive the ghouls from their school. These girls want to prove that they're the best in class, and extra credit is available to the cuties that aren't afraid of after-hours phantom fighting! (Source: DVD case) A remake of Go Nagai's 1973 lighthearted horror anime TV series Dororon Enma-kun. Kikoushi Enma is a full-fledged horror show, which contains very few lighthearted parts, since it is much more grim and aimed towards adults. Enma forms together with Yuki-hime and Kappa a team which sends demons back to the netherworld. (Source: AniDB) Masahiro is the grandson of the great onmyouji, Abe no Seimei. However, he lost his sixth sense that enables him to see supernatural beings, which is very important for an onmyouji. Thus, he is left with no choice but to try and pick a different career. But one day, a strange mononoke appears, which he names Mokkun, who shows him his true potential powers after fighting a demon. With the assistance of Mokkun, his quest to become the greatest onmyouji begins. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. A young girl named Ange is summoned to a Sacred Land and is chosen as the Legendary Etoile, whose mission is to save the newly-born Cosmos of the Holy Beast, which has recently fallen under a crisis. With the support of nine Guardians (who have the power of nine elements), she embarks on a journey to save the dying land of the Holy Beast and to discover her true self. (Source: ANN) Continuation of the Bikkuriman Series. Genki Seihikari and his friends join the adventure in order to save seven gods of the White Galaxy. Yoshimura Sumimura comes from a long line of "Kekkaishi," individuals who have supernatural abilities and are able to destroy evil creatures called Ayakashi that venture into the human realm from time to time. The Ayakashi are demons that look to feast on the power emanating from the land of Karasumori, which also happens to be where Yoshimura's high school is located. Now, Yoshimura must fight to protect his beloved school and hometown. Although, if it were up to him, he would rather be baking cakes than fighting off the ugly characters that show up at night. Thankfully, Yoshimura isn't the only one helping to keep the baddies at bay. His childhood friend and neighbor, Tokine Yukimura, joins him in this righteous battle. Despite the fact that they are from rival clans, these two make a fantastic team. And teamwork is something vital to fighting the evil that is closing in, as the Ayakashi attack in waves, looking to claim the land as their own, and a shadowy organization looks on, ready to pounce when the time is right... Sometime after all the events which took place during Negi's first year as a teacher, Class 2-A goes on a school trip to a beautiful island for Spring break. Everything is fine now, but troubles continue for Negi, because he's still the main atraction of the class. But he has something else to worry about, Asuna is angry at him because he told her she had nothing to do with his studies as a wizard. During the trip, the situation gets intense as Asuna's friends try to help Negi make up with her. (Source: ANN) In the Binfield Kingdom Chronicle, it is said that there was once a small, peaceful country called the Kingdom of Winfield, whose king and royal family possessed great white wings. Hamura Shou is newly enrolled at Yuusei Academy. After hearing about a student named Misonou Kai from the headmaster, Shou comes to believe that Kai is his younger twin brother, who he was separated from when he was younger. However, after a mysterious earthquake, Shou is suddenly carried into another world with two other students. It is in this new world that, after being attacked by a monster, Shou suddenly unleashes great, white wings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials that followed on the Mai-Otome DVD. When 11-year-old Wataru's father leaves home and his mother is taken ill to the hospital, he decides to change his fate by traveling through the door shown to him by his friend Mitsuru. In a land of magic and monsters, Wataru must summon all his courage and embark on a journey with several comrades to meet the Goddess of Destiny and change this "mistaken fate." (Source: ANN) A special Christmas episode. BorgBattles between KabutoBorgs have become popular enough to hold world tournaments. The main character Ryuusei is an enthusiast of these battles. Along with his friends Katsuji and Ken, he continues fighting against new enemies day after day. Yue and Nodoka are practicing magic, and one spell catches their eye: The Red String of Fate. Supposedly, this spell connects you with your fated partner. Nodoka decides to try it out, and ends up tied to Negi. However, this spell isn't the Red String of Fate at all, but is in fact just a red string that connects two people. A magical red string that happens to be impossible to sever. Delightful. Meanwhile, Ayaka invites the class to a free trip to her family's recently constructed spa resort. Tied together for at least a day, will Negi and Nodoka be able to make the most out of this free trip without going too far...? It is the end of 70s. Blue – a woman with cat ears and tail – has solved many incidents and troubles with her special ability to see a ghost and her technique to handle three guns at one using her tail. One day, two couriers, Bill and Robert are assaulted by mysterious masked men. They don't know why they were assaulted. Blue asks a dead masked man their purpose. It is incredible. What they are aiming at is the cassette tape of Sinatra that Bill owns. Over the cassette tape, a long day begins... (Source: AniDB) Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Lebannen, a young distraught teenage boy. While Lebannen may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Tehanu. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. He can use the boy's "fears" against the very one who would help him, Ged. (Source: ANN) DVD specials of comedic events that occurred during the story of Utawarerumono. The specials are included in the DVD Box special disc. The annual Star Festival to honor the stars that bring life is drawing nearer. Anpanman finds an abandoned doll who is brought to life by a Star of Life. The doll, now named Dolly, spends all of her time having fun, convinced that enjoying oneself is the meaning of life. However, her Star of Life is starting to disappear, and Baikinman builds a huge robot inspired by memories of his own birth. (Source: ANN) When a boy Yuto visits Qinghai in China, he is involved in the battle between time-travelers, and he is sent to the Silk Road in the past. They are looking for a mysterious treasure, the statue of Yuki Daruma Taishi, which is said to make miracles. Seeing historical events and encountering historical persons, such as Yang Guifei and Xuanzang, he will learn many thinks. Whether will he be able to go back to today? (Source: AnimeNfo) An evil monkey, Specter, has escaped a circus, using a mind-controlling device which allows him to become smarter and have access to controlling the monkeys. Kakeru is called over by a professor in order to capture all the monkeys, including the one's who's controlling them: Specter. (Source: ANN) In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls." They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously. (Source: ANN) In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls". They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously. (Source: ANN) One rainy day, Akane crosses path with a kind young man who tacitly offers to her his coat. On their second encounter, he confesses that he has no recollection of who he is, his name or his past, but feels contented by just being with her. Besotted, Akane sets out to find his name, and to unravel his enigmatic connection with a famous cursed dance rumoured to kill anyone who attempts to perform it. (Source: ANN) In the real world, she is the renown and highly intelligent Dr. Atsuko Chiba. In the dream world, she is the spunky redhead Paprika . Thanks to a new technology developed at Chiba’s lab called a DC Mini, Paprika is able to jump into people’s dreams with the ease of a driver switching lanes. The dream machine allows her to see into the dreamers’ deepest thoughts by entering and analyzing their dreams, then using that information to resolve emotional and psychological issues. Even the inventors aren't sure of the true extent of the power of the DC Mini. Just imagine the world of good this kind of technology can do… unless it falls into the wrong hands. A prototype DC Mini has been stolen, and Paprika is on the case. It’s up to this dream detective to track down and stop the thief through the psychedelic backdrop of people’s dreams. Paprika will need to hurry, before the dream machine does some serious damage. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Anpanman finds an odd little girl from outer space. The girl turns out to be Kokin-chan, Dokin-chan's younger sister who came to Earth to play. Moreover, Kokin-chan is a master of fake crying and exploits her skill to get out of the trouble she causes. And her tears have the special power to make anyone whose eyes are touched by them cry without reason. (Source: ANN) Satoshi and his friends get lost in an unknown wasteland.  They eventually come across a "Water Pokemon Show" performed by the star of the Mariner Troupe, Hiromi.  Hiromi is a descendant of the troupe of Water People able to communicate with water pokemon, and she tells our heroes the legend that's been passed down by her people for generations.   According to legend, a temple the Water People built called "The Water Temple Akuusha" rests somewhere in the ocean, and a treasure called "The Water Crown" is hidden there.  It's said that no one has ever seen this treasure, but that changes when a Pokemon Ranger named Jack Walker (aka Jackie) appears to chase aftert it. Jackie is on a top secret mission that has him protecting the egg of the leader of the water pokemon, Manaphy. This pokemon, called the "Prince of the Sea," needs to be taken to the Water Temple Akuusha, so Satoshi-tachi and Hiromi decide to help him.  Along the way, a pirate named Phantom attacks our heroes from his great submarine.  Phantom plans to use the Water Crown's power to help him conquer the world, but he'll have to solve the mystery of Manaphy's egg first.  When the Rocket-Dan get into the mix, Jackie uses his Capture Styler to borrow the power of a nearby pokemon to stand up to them.  Satoshi and Pikachu enter the fray, but they still have to contend with the attacks of Phantom's powerful high tech mecha!  Suddenly, the egg starts to shine with a vivid light, and Manpahy is born! What is the mystery of the legendary treasure?  What mysterious powers does Manaphy have?  Can Satoshi-tachi and Jackie complete their top secret mission?  The journey to reach the Water Temple Akuusha has begun! Unaired episode 27 of Patalliro Saiyuuki! that was included in the 5th DVD volume.  A magic book places Kazumi in a Wonderland-like world. My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. The human world has been attacked by an unknown force. Using poisoned thorns, it has put all humans to sleep. Agumon, Gaomon and Lalamon are the only ones left to defeat this enemy. Guided by Rhythm, a young girl they saved, they learn that their enemy is called Argomon. But what can the three digimon do, when they can't even evolve. (Source: ANN) Straw Hat Theater is made up of five shorts that aired alongside One Piece episodes 279 through 283 in October 2006. They are based on Oda Eiichiro's side comics that were drawn when he was given three sheets of blank paper by his editor and told to draw anything. The first short is about Chopper Man infiltrating the lair of the evil Dr. Usodabada. The second short is a news report on what food was like for the Straw Hats before Sanji joined the crew. The third short investigates the hypothetical situation of "if the Straw Hat Pirates were Obahan, who would be the strongest?" The fourth short is about the bosses of the Luffione, Zorocia, and Sanjino families fighting for control. In the fifth short, all of the Straw Hats are carefree monsters. Based on the children's picture book of the same name by Uchida Rintaro (Story) and Nana Furuya (Illustrations). Four workers wait out the night around a campfire. Three of them are talking about different things when they start hearing strange noises. Their discussion wakes up a sleeping companion who promptly goes back to sleep only to start having dreams... A human wakes up one day to discover that he has become a Squirtle in a world filled with natural disasters, where he meets Charmander and Chikorita of Team Go-Getters, a Pokemon rescue team. Squirtle joins Team Go-Getters for the task of saving Pichu's Brother Pikachu from Skarmory, however Gengar and his Team Meanies decide to interfere. (Source: ANN) Three Naze Nani Shana episodes that were DVD magazine exclusives of the Shakugan no Shana no Subete magazine. A recap of the Harukanaru Toki no Naka de: Hachiyou Shou series included on the special "making-of" DVD release of the Harukanaru Toki no Naka de: Maihitoyo movie. Three specials released with DVD volume 9 of the TV series. Episode 1: The Day of Gathering Past event about Chalce and Chrome's group, of how the three youngest members came to join them. Episode 2: White Footmarks Past event about Chalce transfer into Cluster E.A, his meeting with Hema and how he elicted the hatred from the competitive Vesuvia. Episode 3: Wings of Freedom A strange girl appears in Cluster E A, looking for Fon. Is she there for a visit or something else? Will she find her answer amongst Fon and his friends? (Source: Wikipedia) Jae-young, an ordinary woman in her mid-20s is sentenced to death by an angel, and ascends to Heaven. Going to Heaven means nothing to her because she assumes Heaven is devoid of reason and humanity. But she accepts her fate and proceeds to bid farewell to her mother and friend. During her farewells, the desire for life starts to torture her. (Source: KoBiz) This entry includes three special episodes: - The Red Berry - Fantasy - The Apple Incident For omitted DVD extras, please see more info After a mysterious inferno kills his family, Shirou is saved and adopted by Kiritsugu Emiya, who teaches him the ways of magic and justice. One night, years after Kiritsugu's death, Shirou is cleaning at school, when he finds himself caught in the middle of a deadly encounter between two superhumans known as Servants. During his attempt to escape, the boy is caught by one of the Servants and receives a life-threatening injury. Miraculously, he survives, but the same Servant returns to finish what he started. In desperation, Shirou summons a Servant of his own, a knight named Saber. The two must now participate in the Fifth Holy Grail War, a battle royale of seven Servants and the mages who summoned them, with the grand prize being none other than the omnipotent Holy Grail itself. Fate/stay night follows Shirou as he struggles to find the fine line between a hero and a killer, his ideals clashing with the harsh reality around him. Will the boy become a hero like his foster father, or die trying? [Written by MAL Rewrite] A nameless heroine packs up her belongings into a large satchel and heads out of the city. Walking on foot across the countryside, she encounters a strange collection of creepy crawlies and ghostly spirits. Princess Lilia is next in line for taking over her Kingdom, though her brother Prince Dirk wants things to go his way. He teams up with a demon in agreement that they will capture Lilia's "hidden power" which can only be gained by sending her into the highest level of sexual ecstacy. He captures both Lilia, her loyal Knights, along with his own mother, all for his own bidding. But can he get the "hidden power" in time for the demon? There is a beautiful princess, Janne, in a beautiful country. She has a special ability in sword technique and magic. The country is peaceful but monsters called ogres start to attack them. Janne takes an initiative and battles the ogres but her younger sister Yuwa is taken by them. Janne goes to Dark Elf's fastness by herself but she is trapped and caught by them. Janne is given a sexual training there and her body and spirit gradually change... The Inuyama Family, along with their pet dog Tetsunoshin moves to the famous Hoppongi Hills (modeled after Roppongi Hills) from Kyushu. Rumi Inuyama's father owns an IT Company in Japan and is a step further to becoming number one. However, Tetsunoshin learned that his master's family loaned a lot of money renting their home in Hoppongi Hills, almost to the point of the whole company becoming Bankrupt. To make things even worse, the whole family spends a lot of money on everything, making Tetsunoshin's problems worse. To solve this problem, Tetsunoshin teamed up with the Hills Dogs and will do anything to pay all the Inuyama Family's expenses. (Source: Wikipedia) A continuation of Onegai My Melody. On their way to a singing contest, Mai and Saki meet a mysterious man looking for the oldest clock in town. It turns out that this clock is a portal to the World of Clocks, and the mysterious man is a servant of Dark Fall who wants to stop time to destroy the world. With the help of the clock spirits, Pretty Cure must fight to escape his perfect maze and start time flowing again. Takes place during the second half of Futari wa Precure Splash☆Star. The short film's main character is a water spider who seems to have fallen in love with a water strider. Though she is scared of him at first, the water strider soon gets used to the presence of the spider. (Source: Wikipedia) The Straw Hat crew salvages a treasure chest from a sinking wreck, inside which they find an old lady. To get the pirates to take her home, she promises them the treasure of a golden crown on her island: Mecha Island. Upon arrival, the crew is attacked by the lord of the island but he has a change of heart and decides to seek their help to solve the mystery of the Golden Crown. (Source: ANN, edited) Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) Pikachu and the other Pokémon were at the beach, when a weakened Wynaut approaches them. It tells them that its friends were attacked by Meowth and the other Team Rocket Pokémon, as well as an Exploud and a Hariyama, because Meowth wanted to take over their playground, which resides on a nearby island. After hearing Wynaut's story, Pikachu and the others decide to help them take back their playground, and begin to train them, so that they can rescue their island from the clutches of Meowth. (Source: ANN) Short episode entitled "A Miracle Of Us Being Able To Meet Again", which can be also considered as "Aria the Natural" episode 0. Ayumi Mamiya is a witch cursed to lose her powers and only one boy can break the spell. Haruo Yoshikawa thinks he is a normal boy but unknown to him his three sisters have magical powers and keep him protected and ignorant about the exsistence of magic. Now Ayumi must wake up Haruo's latent powers to save herself but his sisters will have none of that. (Source: ANN) Kirihara Aruto loves the stories of Alice, so much so that he begins to write one. One night while writing, he sees a girl out his window who he thinks is Alice. He follows her, and discovers that she is called a Seeker of Alice, and with the powers granted to her she fights other Seekers of Alice to take their eternal story, in order to find the part that belongs to the Eternal Alice. Throughout Aruto's adventures with Arisugawa Arisu, his little sister Kirihara Kiraha and their various friends they discover more about the land of Alice, about the novels, the man who wrote them, and their own powers. This is the story of wicked creatures, "Yokoshima Ryu Zama", the destroyers and demon practioner of the unknown. In an uninhabited town, the only person, a little girl, wakes up. Demon Woman of the unknown, Buddhist priest Agarerura. Her memory of reality keeps coming and going, Agarerura fights with what kind of person she should be. Now her consciousness' battle with a parasite life-form will begin. (Source: AnimeNfo) A man who appears every 700 years. Streaching before the man's eyes the world rusted away to monochrome and gray. Once before the town flourished that is now in ruins. The man now, has a chance meeting with a person, a prositute. A story of passion curling like smoke....Tairosu Tomah's story has begun. (Source: Animenfo) A collection of three classic Japanese horror stories: "Yotsuya Kaidan", the story of a wife betrayed by her husband who seeks vengeance even in death. "Tenshu Monogatari", the story of forbidden love between a goddess and a human, and "Bakeneko", the story of a mysterious cat monster with a vendetta against a certain family. Long, long ago, there existed a world of magic and science. God, afraid of man's potential, split the world in to the world of science, Elde, and the world of magic, Fandavale. One day in Fandavale, a terrible witch named Cendrillon (Cinderella) revives. Cendrillon plots to rule both worlds, and searches for the "key" which holds tremendous power. A young boy from Elde by the name of Sōta meets a mysterious girl from Fandavale, Akazukin, and her talking wolf companion, Val. Sōta learns that he is the key Cendrillon is searching for. Now it is up to Akazukin, Val, and the other Fairy Musketeers to protect Sōta from Cendrillon and her Nightmarelians who wish to obtain the power he mysteriously possesses. Akubi-chan is a cute magical girl. She is good at magic, she can turn into any form by tapping a tambourine, and she can grant any dream or wishes. Usually, Akubi-chan is in a vase, but when Ruru-chan, the owner of the vase, yarns (akubi), Akubi-chan pops out of the vase. Ruru-chan is in the 1st grade in elementary school, but she is little precocious and loves secretly her classmate Itoshi-kun living next-door. Akubi-chan uses various magic to make them good friends, but she always fails. However, for her best friend Ruru-chan, Akubi-chan gets out of the vase and taps the tambaine to play Cupid. (Source: Animenfo) Various places in the world, trouble is awakening the terror inside every person's view of life, the distant future of overhead airspace is shown in "Highway Jenny." It compares existence with one's lifetime and afterlife, it contemplates the purity and death of future generations, and to the person who looks at the importance of the choices in their own life, it will be appealing. (Source: AnimeNfo) A simple world of sound and picture, composed by NAKAI Yuu from the paintings of major Japanese artist YOH Shomei and pure, simple sounds, comes out in Ga-nime. Great pictures that will make you feel the life of the earth, with the horizon stretching ever farther… Get inside a minimalist world modeled before your eyes, with the sounds of wind and rain, of air and thunder that stir emotions in every viewer’s heart, through a lyricism that resounds at the core of your mind. (Source: Toei-Anim.co.jp) DVD recap episodes. The recaps are included in Utawarerumono DVD Volumes 4 and 5. A fantasy world with only cats as far as the eye can see. The awe and fear a person can feel in a world that doesn’t know mankind, the world of Cat City invented by HAGIWARA Sakutaro, is depicted with sense by the art of KANAIDA Etsuko. The commercial editor URAHAMA Shojiro edits the story narrated by the musician and poet MACHIDA Kou with a taste of fantastic for this new Ga-nime. (Source: Toei-anim.co.jp) A series of short specials where Friagne and Marianne explain different terms from the show. A unique trailer found on both the DVDs and on the Disgaea 2 game advertising the anime. The animation for it is completely new, none is recycled from the show itself. Does a decent job of introducing the major characters and general plot, with new battle scenes and an altered plot so as to not give everything away. There's even a boom in shot at one point! Ryuta and his friends from the science club visit a museum exhibit on Thomas Edison and it's there they learn about one of his proposed inventions called the "spirit phone" which would enable communication with the deceased. Later that day, they bump into a shaman who claims she has a message from Edison. In an instant Ryuta is given the necessary knowledge he needs to construct the device and decides to go for it, so beginning a spiritual adventure. (Source: ANN) The Celestial Railroad is a fantastic journey of a boy, Giovanni, in a dreamscape created into a colorful full-dome CG animation picture with inspiring background music. Based on a story written in the early 20th century, KAGAYA, a digital fine artist, has breathed new life into the unique imaginary world using creativity and precise astronomical knowledge. The starry sky is depicted as the Celestial Field made up of a river, a field of silver grasses, flowers, birds, survey towers, railway signals and more. Across this amazing beautiful scenery, the Celestial Railroad runs along the Milky Way. The Strahl candidates are enjoying a brief holiday in their various homes. However, many surprises await them when they finally come back to their elite boarding school: Rosenstolz Academy. There is a new headmaster, and his policies are not necessarily to the advantage of the main characters. (Source: Wikipedia) A girl wrapped in white, her name is Momo...in her hand lies a blunt yet shiny scythe. By her side is a winged black cat by the name of Daniel. Carrying the souls of humans, the girl's existence parallels to that of a "Death God" or "Shinigami". At the instant when this white Death God touches the hearts of humans, the world is filled with kindness and grief... (Source: ANN) Norabbits' Minutes features two young rabbit brothers who live together in the forest and have endearing adventures together... though not without some absurd twists. A Shinigami named Baishin who was sealed by Soul Society long ago is set free on Earth. On a fateful day Ichigo encounters him and has roughly half of his reiatsu drained. Its now up to Ichigo and the Soul Society to finally put a stop to Baishin and his destruction. In a dystopian future, two friends dream of freedom... and gain more than they bargain for! Hothead Zed is on the run from the authorities, while his brainy pal Noah struggles with his own battered body. Both find a magical world that seems to offer escape and power undreamed of. Join Zed and his powerful, rebellious spirit Amir Gaul on their search for the ultimate power. It's a force that can save the world—or destroy life as we know it. This is the world of KIBA! Where you must harness the power within and fight with all you got! (Source: RightStuf) The Digimon travel through the digital word and discover a Digimon eating away the Digital World, thus they resolve to save it. Everything about him is shrouded in mystery. The mask he can't remove. The past he can't unravel. And the very survival of the people who have chosen him as their leader. But what Hakuoro does know is this: he was gravely injured and left for dead in a forest. A kind young girl named Eruruu found him and nursed him back to health. He was welcomed into a barren land where strange creatures roam, an angry god seeks vengeance, an oppressive government slaughters the innocent, and a bloody war looms on the horizon. Will the masked hero liberate the people who saved him? Can he unlock the memories that elude him? Or will he remain a stranger even to himself? (Source: FUNimation) Masaru, a second year Junior High student and undefeated street-fighter, is about to learn the meaning of the word "teamwork." After Agumon escapes DATS, an organization that deals with Digimon, it winds up in a fight with Masaru. Soon Yoshino and Lalamon come to capture Agumon, and the two fighters escape. After an evil Digimon appears, it's up to Masaru and Agumon to defeat it with their DNA Charge. Soon, Masaru must join DATS to put an end to the Digimon coming to Earth. With the help of Yoshino, Ikuto, and Touma, the group must stop any evil Digimon that appear, and return them to the Digital World. But not everything goes as planned... An angel arrives in Hell! A demon lord is awakened! There are penguins everywhere! What’s going on here? Angel assassin-in-training Flonne is on a quest to destroy the demon Overlord. Instead of accomplishing her mission, the ditzy Flonne manages to wake Laharl, the demon lord and heir to the throne, from his two year slumber. Now the pair, along with Laharl’s not-so-faithful vassal Etna and her army of explosive souls in penguin costumes, must restore order to the crumbling Netherworld. Based on the events of the game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness , Makai Senki Disgaea follows Laharl’s journey to squash the demon rebellion, reclaim the throne, and destroy anyone who stands in his path. Or, you know, let them join him on his travels if they really want. Just remember: Laharl is a demon lord. There’s no way he’ll ever show kindness, compassion, or love... right? After the destruction of "The World" in 2015, CC Corporation rebuilt the game using data from what was previously to be another game. "The World R:2" was then released in 2016. A newcomer to the game, Haseo, is instantly PKed and then revived by a mysterious man known as Ovan. With the problem of PKs occupying the game, Haseo soon after receives help from a female Harvest known as Shino. Amidst curiosity and confusion, Haseo is lead to joining the guild known as the Twilight Brigade. The guild that searches for the legendary object known as the "Key of the Twilight". Set before the .hack//G.U. game. Saru Getchu: On Air sequel. 1. State Alchemists vs Seven Homunculi A 10 minute film featuring: Ed, Al, Mustang and many other members of the State doing battle with the deadly Homonculi in an alternate reality Amestris. 2. Chibi Party (Enkai-hen) Short 6 minute Skit drawn in Super Deformed style where every character in the series (including bad guys) are celebrating an "After Party" of the Conqueror of Shambala movie. 3. Kids (Kodomo-hen) Short 3 minute story which features Edward and his grankids in present day 2005. (Source: ANN) On Filiel's 15th birthday, she received her mother's necklace as a memento from her obstinate astronomer father. Her common and tedious life was turned into a life of conspiracies. With her new life, many adventures await. (Source: ANN) When people dream, they express their utmost desires and emotions within the confines of their mind; but when their strong emotions cross the border into reality, the dream can turn into an uncontrollable nightmare. Touko and Rinko are sisters known as "yume tsukai" (dream users), and their job is to take care of these nightmares. Using toys as weapons, the girls must both destroy the nightmare and return the dream to its rightful owner before the nightmare does any sort of serious damage. Have no fear, Touko and Rinko are here! (Source: Anime-Planet) Most people think being born into a noble family means a life of comfort and wealth. That couldn't be further from the truth for Shuurei Kou. Despite the Kou family being an old and important bloodline, they've fallen on hard times. Shuurei's father works as an archivist in the Imperial library, which is a prestigious position, but unfortunately not one that pays much. To put food on the table, Shuurei works odd jobs such as teaching young children or playing live music in a restaurant―and even then, it's barely enough. Then, one day, a court advisor makes Shuurei an offer. If she becomes the concubine of the new, but lazy, emperor and teaches him how to become a good ruler, then she will receive 500 pieces of gold. Never one to turn down good money, Shuurei accepts the proposition. After all, the new emperor only prefers men so her virtue is safe… or so she thinks. The more time she spends in the palace, the more her old dream of becoming a court official is reignited. There's only one problem: she's a woman and women do not become government officials. Shuurei may be able to turn the emperor into a good ruler, but will it be at the expense of her own aspirations? Akari Mizunashi continues her training to become a Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier) along with her friends Aika and Alice in the peaceful city of Neo Venezia. Despite the fact that these three girls are from competing companies, they are constantly together, learning more about how to become better tour guides and more about the mysteries of Neo Venezia. As the group continues to meet interesting and unforgettable people through their daily routines, they will also come closer to the secrets that make the enigmatic and ever beautiful city of Neo Venezia so warm and alive. Welcome back to Neo Venezia: the city where miracles can be created by hand. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When Yoshinaga Futaba wins the first prize in a lottery, the prize turns out to be a stone gargoyle. More surprising yet, the gargoyle turns out to be alive. (Source: ANN) Syaoran, Sakura, Kurogane, Fai and Mokona's journey through to different world's continue as they search for Sakura's feathers. The fated journey slowly becomes more complicated for our travelers, as they find themselves diving deeper into more dangerous worlds. Takes place immediately after the first season. Based on the manga by CLAMP. Samatarou is not just an average high-school boy, the truth is that he is the son of a god, his mother is a goddess and his sisters are candidates to become goddesses. They are living in the human world, because they want their boy to learn about the human customs and the habits of the creatures that they are protecting, so that in this way Samatarou will become a better god. Tenko is a angel assigned to look after Samatarou. She's born the same day, same year as Samatarou and have been close friends ever since. Life seems normal but things start to change with the appearance of a transfer student named Kumiko. Samatarou falls in love with her and from now on, things will be a lot more different for him. His decision of making her fall in love with him without using his powers will put him in trouble. There came a time when iron vanished from Okinawa. A Cana baby called Kanahiru arrived at the shores of Okinawa. He was from a far away land called Iron Hills. A place far beyond the seas.  He was baffled by the deformity of Gana Hill, even teased the citizens, but he decided to stay. Years later ferocious demons capture Gana Hill and take Kanahiru to the demon island. Mameushi-kun follows the farmland adventures of a calf that is as small as a dust speck. (Source: AniDB) The story begins when high school student Kazuki Muto is killed one night saving a mysterious girl from a monster, only to wake up in his school dorm, believing it to have been a dream; however, he soon finds out that dream wasn't a dream at all when a giant serpentine monster attacks him and his sister. Tokiko Tsumura, the girl he saved, explains that the monster is a homunculus. Kazuki had been attacked and killed by it when he was rescuing her; however, she, feeling responsible for him, revived him by placing a Kakugane medallion in his chest, serving as a replacement heart. The Kakugane, as Tokiko explains, is an alchemical device that, when activated, takes a certain form based on the Kakugane's user, forming a unique Buso Renkin. The Buso Renkin is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus monster. Using this, Kazuki creates his own Buso Renkin (the "Sunlight Heart," a huge lance). Along with Tokiko and her own Buso Renkin (the "Valkyrie Skirt," an execution scythe), Kazuki joins the fight against the homunculi and their master. A special of the Ojarumaru series. Kazuma Yagami is a user of "Fuujutsu," the ability to control the wind. He returns to his old home, the noble Kannagi household, after being banished four years ago for his inability to control fire and his subsequent defeat in a duel at the hands of his younger cousin, Ayano Kannagi. Returning after such a brutal exile already gives rise to many conflicts, but to make matters worse, several Kannagi family members have recently been murdered with Fuujutsu. This leads the Kannagi family, including the hot-headed Ayano, to suspect Kazuma as the culprit. Now, Kazuma must not only clear his name, but also aid the family he shares a mutual hatred with, in order to discover the true identity of the killer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the kingdom of Forland, a coup d'etat occurs which leads to the death of the King. In the last moments of his life, the King sends his second child, Princess Alita Forland to escape. Unfortunately, while fleeing, a life and death situation between Alita and the bloodthirsty bounty hunter Falis causes the two of them to switch bodies. Desperate for the safety of her Kingdom, Alita begs Falis to return and protect the Kingdom, offering herself as collateral. After a swift beating on the rebel forces, Falis resumes the title of Princess of Forland, leading to the birth of the most savage princess in their land, the "Murder Princess." In the floating continent of Neo Verona, the Montague family seized control and murdered every member of the Capulet family with the exception of Capulet's daughter, Juliet Fiammata Asto Capulet. 14 years later, Juliet and the remnants of Capulet's retainers live hidden from the iron fist of the Montague family. Juliet has long forgotten the murder of her family or her identity, and cross dresses as Odin and the town's hero of justice, "Red Whirlwind." A sudden escape in her daily escapades leads her to meet Romeo Candorebanto Montague, the kind son of the tyrannical Montague. Destiny has been set as these two individuals soon to be "star-crossed lovers" are cruelly toyed with by fate in the midst of war. Loosely based on the play by William Shakespeare. Ikuto Touhohin just had a fight with his old man, one that led him to make a rash decision to run away from home. He boards a ship, deciding to take a vacation, but the ship is suddenly hit by a huge storm—one that sends Ikuto overboard! When he regains consciousness, he realizes he is still alive on some island. An isolated island. An isolated island with nothing but girls. Beautiful girls. Stranded on an island with only girls, no electricity, gas, radio, television, like he was back in the stone age. (Source: AniDB) Tomoya Okazaki is a cynical delinquent who lacks ambition as he apathetically labors through high school. During his childhood, a tragedy had caused his father to seek solace in alcoholism and neglect his son. Yet, meaningful human interaction can be a benediction, as Tomoya learns when he meets the enigmatic Nagisa Furukawa. The odd girl offers a gesture of friendship to Tomoya, but he rejects the request, dismissing it as a trivial incident. However, as he soon realizes that he is encountering Nagisa more and more often during school, Tomoya drops his discompassions and befriends the girl. When he learns that Nagisa's dream is to revive the Drama Club, Tomoya decides to shed his detachment from the ordinary pleasures of life and dedicate himself to helping his new friend achieve her ambition. But what starts as a simple friendship may progress into something far more deep, intimate, and life-changing. As the pair face various hardships and afflictions, Tomoya and Nagisa gradually come to terms with the challenges of life. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Whether it is the future or the past it is the world of fantasy and horror hiding in the shadow of the demon city. In the city, consecutive mysterious incidents that cannot be solved by science have occurred. To solve the incidents, they gather three girl detectives possessing special abilities. Hayama Kotono. She is an orphan living in a convent. Shirafuji Natuski. She is Kotono's classmate and a pop idol. Hijiri Misaki. She is a mysterious girl who fights against nightmares of her previous life. Those who want to bring the Judgement Day to the world. Those who want to save the world. Which is justice, and which is evil? When Kotono encounters a boy who lost his memory, the wheel of the story begins to move but slowly. Then, solving the mysteries, the three girls will confront the fate that will influence the existence of the human beings. (Source: AnimeNfo) Devil May Cry follows the story of the demon hunter known as Dante. As a half demon, half human, he uses his trusty sword Rebellion and his two guns Ebony and Ivory to take on missions. Dante owns and runs "Devil May Cry," a business that specializes in hunting and killing demon-related problems. Based on the video game series "Devil May Cry." Phoron Tatara's no ordinary musician. As one of the rare Dantists who can summon elder spirits using music called Commandia, his gift is so strong that his spirit partner is none other than the infamous Corticarte Apa Lagranges. Sure, she may look like a young girl in her human form, but you don't get nicknames like "The Crimson Annihilator" and "The Bloody Duchess" for sitting back and watching the daisies grow. Now, at the behest of the Tsuge Divine Music Player Office, this dynamic duet travels the continent of Polyphonica on Phoron's combination motorcycle/organ, following the song of the open road, orchestrating rescues and generally fixing whatever's baroque! Some musicians wait for a muse to hit them, but Phoron makes his work for scale! (Source: RightStuf) Two worlds exist, both unaware of the existance of the other. In order for one world to flourish, the other will have to perish. On the perishing world, a Chosen one is sent on a journey to restore that world's mana by awakening the Spirits and becoming an angel. Colette Brunel, the Chosen of Sylvarant, sets out on her journey accompanied by her best friends Lloyd Irving and Genis Sage. As they travel further they meet more friends and even more enemies, while they learn more and more about the truth behind the World Regeneration. (Source: ANN) A promotional short special for the movie where Shana and Yuji explain different terms from the show. The Sablum Empire has been attempting to take over the kingdom of Windland for many years, and are now plotting with the mercenaries Sister Hell and Darkness Knight to start a new offensive using powerful magical beings called Angels. Hyaweh, a carefree yet talented swordsman, and Priecia, who just might be the lost princess of Windland, are enrolled at the Knight's Academy in Windland to hone their skill at swords and sorcery. There they meet many friends and allies who can help them protect their homeland from the impending invasion. Thirteen-year-old Karin Hanazono feels like her life can't get any worse, Her parents died when she was younger, leaving her with an aunt who doesn't hesitate to call her stupid and useless over her poor grades. Her only friend, her cat named Shii-chan, passed away recently, leaving her completely alone. All she has left of her parents is a ring given to her by her mother, which she treasures dearly as the sole thing left of her past. Kamichama Karin begins the moment her life takes a turn for the better, when she is approached by Himeka Kuujou, a cute girl who has also lost her parents, and Kazune Kuujou, her cousin who finds girls to be troublesome, both of whom are searching for a goddess. Her mother's memento ring shines brightly in their presence and fills her with its radiance, making her smarter, faster, and capable of granting wishes. It turns out that her ring allows her to become the very goddess they were looking for, and now that she has awakened that power, others will come after her for it… Wielding a blazing sword, Shana's sole purpose is to fight demon-like beings that consume human lives. During a volatile war to stop a foe from devouring every life in Misaki City, Shana cuts Yuji in her crossfire. When the villain discovers this teenage boy is gifted with an immense power, he holds Yuji hostage to lure Shana into a trap that could to destroy the huntress and the entire city! (Source: FUNimation) In this world, humans coexist with demonic predators called Yoma. These demonic beasts feast on human innards and can blend into human society by taking on human appearance. As a counter force, a mysterious organization created half-human, half-Yoma warriors known as the "Silver Eyed Witches" or "Claymores," after the huge claymore swords they carry. They are detested by humanity however necessary. The story begins with a young boy, Raki, who has lost everything in a Yoma attack, and the Claymore, Clare, who is generally detested by society. Throughout the series, Clare and Raki show their deeper qualities, powers and Clare's never ending devotion to the goal she swore to fulfill in her childhood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The evil Shadow Lord has taken control of the kingdom of Deltora and has driven the land and its people into misfortune and suffering. Lief, the son of a blacksmith, has just turned sixteen and is entrusted, along with his two companions Barda and Jasmine, with an important mission: to retrieve the stolen seven magical stones that once reunited within the Belt of Deltora, will bring power to the true heir of Deltora and give him the power to free the kingdom from the tyranny of the Shadow Lord. There is just one problem; the seven stones have been scattered all across Deltora and currently reside in the hands of seven wicked men who are not easily willing to give them up. (Source: ANN) On the precipice of a cataclysmic drought, the Star Readers of the Shin Yogo Empire must devise a plan to avoid widespread famine. It is written in ancient myths that the first emperor, along with eight warriors, slew a water demon to avoid a great drought and save the land that was to become Shin Yogo. If a water demon was to appear once more, its death could bring salvation. However, the water demon manifests itself within the body of the emperor's son, Prince Chagum—by the emperor's order, Chagum is to be sacrificed to save the empire. Meanwhile, a mysterious spear-wielding mercenary named Balsa arrives in Shin Yogo on business. After saving Chagum from a thinly veiled assassination attempt, she is tasked by Chagum's mother to protect him from the emperor and his hunters. Bound by a sacred vow she once made, Balsa accepts. Seirei no Moribito follows Balsa as she embarks on her journey to protect Chagum, exploring the beauty of life, nature, family, and the bonds that form between strangers. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A recap of the Shuffle world, set ten years in the future. Gods, Demons, and Humans freely visit the other worlds as if traveling overseas, and romance is in the air. Demons, Gods, And Humans together have been falling in love and creating new families, breaking down the wall that once seperated them. Past memories are visited by Rin Tsuchimi and the events that occured between him and Lisianthus, Nerine, Kaede, Asa, and Primula. (Source: ANN) Revered as heroes for their role in defending Tristain, Louise and her familiar Saito face heavy pressure to continue protecting the Kingdom. With an uneasy peace now established within Albion, the newly crowned Queen Henrietta must deal with a political struggle brewing on the horizon. To make matters worse, a new villain has begun plotting in the shadows against the Crown. With the continuing threats that face the Kingdom, Louise and Saito are compelled to work together once more. No longer "Louise the Zero," the young mage's newfound aptitude for Void magic gives her enough power to wipe out an entire village; however, wielding these abilities comes with its share of challenges. As more conflicts arise, the idea of placing honor above oneself is put into question—regardless of their answer, their only choice is to see it through until the end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Something evil is stirring in the shadows of Tokyo... During the spring of his senior year in high school, quiet Tatsuma Hiyuu transfers to Magami Academy in Shinjuku. The mysterious boy's "outsider" status and his profound skills in martial arts quickly earn him the friendship of class delinquent Kyouichi Houraiji. Through an uncanny connection and a happenstance challenge, he also meets Yuuya Daigo of the wrestling club, the captain of the girls' archery club, Komaki Sakurai, and Aoi Misato, the Student Council President. During their encounter, there is a sudden, harsh disruption of the Ryumyaku (literally Dragon Pulse, otherwise known as Dragon Vein or Dragon Stream), the flow of arcane energy. The surge awakens within the five teenagers a latent power, giving them each a supernatural ability. Enlightened to their newly acquired gifts by Hisui, the young heir of the Kisaragi Clan who maintains his family's antiques shop - as well as their duty to protect Tokyo from Oni (demons) - the Magami students decide to use their power to protect the city from the onslaught of dark forces. Battling the demons alongside Hisui Kisaragi, the five unlikely friends discover that they may have to face a greater threat to Tokyo other than destroying a few malevolent, random monsters. The Ryumyaku had been disrupted by force, from someone invoking the Dark Arts - and that person has a wicked desire to unleash a long-dead evil. Can the teenagers overcome their own fears and flaws to fight against the Dark Arts? And soon they will also have to face their own destinies as they discover their Stars of Fate. This anime is based on a manga, which was based on the Nintendo role-playing video game originally released in 1998. Ange is now trapped in the Seijuu Universe, and cannot leave until she awakens Seijuu's Queen. In order to do this, she must gather nine new guardians. It sounds like a fairly simple task, but how can she convince these men to tear away from their own lives and protect the life of another? Over millions of years, there have been many ages - war, gods, and future to name a few. Each of these was infinitely less exciting than the current Animation Age! In this RPG-esque existence, becoming stronger is paramount to one's survival and leveling up is a must. From pacifists to news casting, from fishing woes to love advice, there's nothing the Animation Age can't show or teach us about life in a game world! Armed with healing spells, changes of clothes and plenty of summoned familiars, the characters of Master of Epic will do what it takes to level up and live to fight another day! (Source: Anime-Planet) With the help of the combination of many different magic, Jun gets turned into an actual girl. Shuurei needs to deal with more obstacles in the new series. More danger comes her way but at the same time meeting friends who will help her with her work as an official. (Source: ANN) Yumehara Nozomi, a regular student, finds a magical book called the Dream Collet in the library and meets Coco and Nuts, two creatures from the Palmier Kingdom. They plead with Nozomi to restore their world, which has been destroyed by an organization called the Nightmares, by completing the Dream Collet and finding the 55 Pinkies to make any wish come true. Meanwhile, the Nightmares are moving into the real world. Once Nozomi agrees to help, Coco and Nuts transform her into the magical girl Cure Dream and turn four fellow students into her Pretty Cure team. (Source: ANN) Bonolon is touted as the warrior who comes from the forest of the great oaks. Despite his huge body size and outwardly orange appearance, Bonolon is only a child of 9 years old. However, notwithstanding his tender age, Bonolon possess a strong sense of justice and strives to become a reliable man. The tears of those people who are depressed or troubled will flow through the roots of the great oaks and communicates their feelings to Bonolon. Bonolon will then appear from the great oaks and help the people solve their problems as well as grant their wishes. (Source: ANN) Mysterious disappearances are occurring one after the other in Tatsumi Town. Kiriya has a vision from a mysterious beautiful girl with pointy ears. A book talking for an alternative world is found. And Mao searching for her long lost friend, Zero, comes to our world. But what she didn’t expect is to find Souma and Kureha, and even less, to accidentally take them to her world. Now, Souma and Kureha have to find a way to come back. But other forces are playing their part in the darkness and Souma with Kureha will find that going back is harder than they first anticipated. (Source: ANN) 10 years since the great war, tensions were mounting within the country of Wellber, which was barely capable of keeping peace, as war could commence at any time with its neighboring country, Sangatras. In order to avoid warfare, the king of Wellber, Haidel planned on marrying off his daughter, Princess Rita, to Sangatras` Prince Guernia. However, Rita stabbed her groom to be and ran away. Infuriated, Sangatras` King Ranbahnhof threatens to wage war unless Rita is captured and publicly executed within 14 days. In order to avoid the worst case scenario, Rita decides to head for the neutral country of Greedom. Meanwhile, the woman thief Tina sneaks into Castle Wellber, seeking its treasures, when she happens to witness the stabbing of Guernia by Rita. Whether it be by coincidence or necessity, Tina receives information that the "Wasp Man" she was after is in Greedom, her sworn enemy who took the life of her parents. Tina agrees to become Rita`s bodyguard as they head out to Greedom. Shouldering their fate and destiny, the two meet, leave, and set out on their journey. What awaits them is war or peace, vengeance or death... (Source: AniDB) A retelling of the Alabasta arc. Anpanman's friends go see a bubble show performed by Shabondama-hime and her Shabondama Girls, who make exquisite bubbles by playing their flutes. One of the girls, Purun, can't make big bubbles no matter how much she rehearses. She feels inadequate as she goes to retrieve her lost flute, which Creampanda finds and goes to return. Meanwhile Baikinman takes over Shabondama-hime's castle and steals the flutes, using their power to create evil bubbles, and Purun must realize her own importance and save the day with Anpanman's help. (Source: ANN)  As Shu's village was being attacked by an unknown enemy, he and his friends, Jiro and Kluke decide to defend their home. They soon meet warrior Zola and receive the powers of Shadow, an ability that let's them transform their shadow into a powerful monster. Shu receives one of the most powerful monsters, Blue Dragon, and they all set out to defeat their enemy. (Source: ANN) Taking place in the past it offers a view at the Saiyuuki quartet before their formation and their journey to the west. First OVA starts with Sanzo and his master, also with Ukoku (known as a later Ni Jianyi). Second OVA shows first meeting of Goku and Sanzo. Third OVA considers the events after Hakkai's sins and his trial (that we know from first season of "Saiyuuki") and his decision to live in Gojyo's house. In Edo in the mid-1800's, fireworks maker Seikichi Tamaya and his friends struggle to live under the harsh morality laws imposed by the strict city councilor, which ban all luxuries, including fireworks. One day, a strange girl stops by Sekichi's shop with an equally strange request: she wants Sekichi to build a firework that can reach the moon. (Source: ANN) A long time ago, Zeus, the great god, created a three–tier hierarchy of angels, top, middle and lower, although they were supposed to be equal. Also, Zeus appointed 6 angels as Saint Beasts who govern the animals of Earth. They were: Go, the seiyu; Shin, the genbu; Rei, the suzaku; Guy, the byakko; Yuda, the kirin; and Ruka, the hooh. However, Kira, the shooting star, and Maya, the fuga, didn’t attend the selection tests and left for the Earth. The six angels fulfilled their tasks faithfully. However, because of Zeus’s increasingly tyrannical acts, they begin to mistrust him. (Source: AnimeNfo) Bakugan Battle Brawlers begins with Danma Kuusou, a boy who invented the game Bakugan with his friend Shun Kazami after mysterious and seemingly random cards fell out of the sky. Together with their other friends, they form a team called the "Bakugan Battle Brawlers" in order to play this new game together. But unknown to these young friends, Bakugan is much more than a simple past time. Their game accidently sucks them into an alternate dimension called Vestroia, the home ground of Bakugan. Vestroia has recently come under attack by creatures known as the Doom Beings. This realm is balanced by the Perfect Core, which itself is formed by the Infinity and Silent Cores. When the evil Bakugan Naga attempted to take this great power for himself, he was unable to absorb the negative energy he wished to steal and found himself trapped in the Silent Core. Now, his presence within the core has destabilized Vestroia and attempts to merge with Earth as well as many other worlds. Danma and his friends must team up with individuals from other worlds who have also been drawn into this epic battle. As Naga is seeking the Infinity Core so that he may complete the Perfect Core in order to gain control of Vestroia, Earth, and all other worlds, time is of the essence in this devastating war of worlds. The classic tale of Gegege no Kitaro told yet again.  The story is the usual in the Gegege no Kitaro series. Kitaro is a boy living in the Gegege Forest/Cemetery (lands where many Yokai roam) with his mostly dead father (who survives only in his eye), Sunakake Babaa, NekoMusume, and Konaki Jiji.  One difference between this Kitaro and all of the others that came before him, is that this one has brown hair instead of the standard grayish silver. N/A Kino travels to a country divided into two parts: the very clean and peaceful city, closed off from the surrounding wastelands. She meets a little girl in the city suffering from a disease which is constantly being researched. The girl, however, does not know just how the research is being done. (Source: ANN) Recaps of the first season of Saiunkoku Monogatari. Aired to bridge the time till the second season starts.   Kitty and Mimmy fall through a hole and end up in a parallel world. It's identical to the one the sisters live in but it's inhabited by humans with transparent wings and pointy ears. Kitty becomes friends with Emily, a supermodel in this parallel world, and together they try to rescue Mimmy who has disappeared. Their search is hampered by Akuro--a black cat who has a mean streak. The "Medicine Seller" is a deadly and mysterious master of the occult who travels across feudal Japan in search of malevolent spirits called "mononoke" to slay. When he locates one of these spirits, he cannot simply kill it; he must first learn its Form, its Truth, and its Reason in order to wield the mighty Exorcism Sword and fight against it. He must begin  his strange exorcisms with intense psychological analysis and careful investigative work—an extremely dangerous step, as he must first confront and learn about the mononoke before he even has the means to defeat it. The Medicine Seller's journey leads him to an old-fashioned inn where Shino, a pregnant woman, has finally found a place to rest. The owner has reluctantly placed her in the last vacant room; however, as she settles in, it quickly becomes clear that the room is infested by a lethal band of mononoke, the Zashiki Warashi. With his hunter's intuition, the Medicine Seller begins his investigation to discover the Form, the Truth, and the Reason before the Zashiki Warashi can kill again. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Due to his father's disappearance, Itsuki Iba has to take over the family business: a magician dispatch service. Their family employs countless magicians and other supernatural beings in order to send them out to help those who need magical assistance. As a leader, Itsuki now has to be tough, commanding, and reliable, but there's one problem, he's a coward. Also, in order to run a successful business, he must connect with his employees, which is more difficult than it seems due to his personality. But not only does he have to deal with his own employees, he also has to deal with those who threaten the family business. (Source: CrunchyRoll) Demons that once almost destroyed the world, are revived by someone. To prevent the world from being destroyed, the demon has to be sealed and the only one who can do it is the shrine maiden Shion from the country of demons, who has two powers; one is sealing demons and the other is predicting the deaths of humans. This time Naruto's mission is to guard Shion, but she predicts Naruto's death. The only way to escape it, is to get away from Shion, which would leave her unguarded, then the demon, whose only goal is to kill Shion will do so, thus meaning the end of the world. Naruto decides to challenge this "prediction of death," but fails to prove Shion's prediction wrong and supposedly dies in vain. (Source: Wikipedia) Shungo Ninomiya is just an ordinary, run-of-the-mill high school student who lives at home with his older sister Ryoko—at least when she's not away doing her job as a mercenary. However, Shungo's life ceases to be normal the moment a cute girl named Mayu Tsukimura descends into the middle of his school's campus in a military-grade helicopter. It turns out Ryoko sent this girl, along with her older brother Mikihiro, to live at the Ninomiya household. But the newly-arrived siblings are a little special: Mayu is, in fact, a succubus and her brother, an incubus! And as if the circumstances are not problematic enough, Mayu is crippled with androphobia—the fear of men—and it's up to Shungo to help her overcome this at the behest of his sister. Ryoko plans to force Mayu to be closer to Shungo, and to do this, she’ll employ some questionable methods such as having them share the same bed and even take baths together. The situation further complicates when student council president Reika Houjou arrives as the new maid of the Ninomiya family, and she will stop at nothing to thwart Shungo and Mayu’s sexually-geared training. With the sudden arrival of all these oddities, Shungo's ordinary life is about to be thrown into utter turmoil. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story of Aria company before the arrival of Akari. Mushi-uta's story takes place in the near future. Ten years before the story's opening, strange insect-like creatures known as "Mushi" began appearing. The Mushi are able to consume peoples' dreams and thoughts in return for supernatural powers. At the end of episode one, protagonist Daisuke "Kakkou" Kusuriya encounters a young girl named Shiika Anmoto. The two, in time, become quite close. However, unbeknownst to Kakkou, Shiika is an escapee from a secret prison known as GARDEN where those posessed by the Mushi, known as the Mushitsuki are held. GARDEN's military force, the Special Environmental Conservation Executive Office, dispatches its finest killer to track down Shiika. However, they are faced with resistance from the Mushibane resistance organisation, led by the secretive "Ladybird." (Source: ANN) Nobita requests of Doraemon the Moshimo-box and wishes for the world to become a place where the use of magic is possible. Witchcraft replaces science and technology and everyone makes use of it on their daily lives, except for Nobita, who, like usual, isn't very good at conjuring spells. Frustrated, he plans on returning things to their past state, but his mother threw the Moshimo-box away. One day, Doraemon and his friends meet Professor Mangetsu, who studies magic and magical beings such as goblins, and his daughter Miyoko, and are warned of the dangerous approximation of the "star of the Underworld" to the Earth's orbit. With the future of the planet at stake, the group must travel to the Underworld and pierce the heart of the Underworld King with a silver dart, as detailed in the ancient texts of "The Chronicles of the Underworld". Their attempts are, however, thwarted and Miyoko captured. Doraemon and his friends then decided to use the Time Machine to return to the past and, using Dorami's Moshimo-box, they manage to restore the Earth. The events on the Underworld continue, however, to take place in a Parallel Universe, where Miyoko is still captive. As a result, the group is once again forced to travel to the Underworld and defeat its tyrannical ruler once and for all. (Source: AniDB) The battle against Tendou Kodzunu is over, and the Magami Five begin to look forward to their senior graduation, hopefully planning for their adult futures. However, life in Tokyo is not at peace... The underground assassin group known as the Twelve Heavenly Generals of the Martial Fist begin to move against those protecting the city from demons. Normally rumored to kill criminals that the mundane law was unable to bring to justice, the Martial Fist now set their sights on Tatsuma Hiyuu, Kyouichi Houraiji, Aoi Misato, Komaki Sakurai, Yuuya Daigo, and Hisui Kisaragi. What is the purpose of this cruel turn of events? And who ordered the hit? New threats emerge as others awakened to powers unleashed by the Ryumyaku seek out the Magami kids - and old friends now return as enemies. Destinies will collide as the Stars of Fate begin to merge; Yin and Yang will meet. And soon the shadowy figure pulling the strings will reveal himself, in an effort to raze Tokyo to the ground and awaken the Vessel of the Golden Dragon. Continuing their journey from Record Country (the place that held the book of memories), Syaoran and company land into Tokyo Country, a blood-filled country under war from opposing factions for natural resources and survival. While reluctantly involved in the race to live, the group faces their own problems as certain revelations are made, changing their journey forever. A shocking betrayal and a battle that risks all of their lives. After this revelation, they will never be the same again. Ten years ago, the World Tree that protected peace and order of the world was being targeted by an evil organization called the Zakum. The Human race led four other races: the brave warriors, the intelligent magicians, the agile archers and the sly thieves in a fight against the Zakums. In the end, the World Tree activated self-destruction to protect itself. However, the other races thought it was the Human race that destroyed the World Tree. When the World Tree was destroyed most of the races had nothing left, so a number of them went to Maple Island thinking the ones who stayed would die. They escaped Victoria and lived on Maple Island where living is getting harder and harder. Since then, a never-ending war between the different races began. Ten years later, the main protagonist, Al, is determined to revive the World Tree. Al and his companions begin their journey to seek the seeds of the World Tree. At the same time, the Zakums reappear… (Source: Wikipedia) After being deserted by her parents, 11-year-old Miyori shuts her heart from the rest of the world and denies any form of human relationships. She was entrusted in the care of her grandmother who lives near a forest. Miyori will take a walk in the forest where she felt a strong sense of loneliness in the forest which seems to have nothing. However, she soon encounters unbelievable things and gradually realizes that the forest is more than what it seems... (Source: ANN) Yobi, The Five Tailed Fox revolves around a kumiho, a nine-tailed fox that can assume different forms including human. Kumiho are familiar figures in Korean folk tales, and they are usually depicted as magical creatures that take female form to lure and prey on humans. This time, however, our protagonist is a young, kind-hearted fox with only five tails, instead of nine. After losing her family to fox hunters, five-tailed Yobi lives in the forest with some shipwrecked aliens, far away from the humans. When one of her alien friends gets captured by a villager, Yobi has no choice but to adventure into the human world to rescue him. At the village, Yobi meets many humans, including Geum Yee who studies at a school for maladjusted children. Interested in Geum Yee, Yobi joins the students and revels in the fun of human life, but both a fox hunter and a mysterious shadow man are on her trail. (Source: YesAsia) For citizens of the Ken Empire, justice is a myth. Lord Keiro, the deranged Shogun of the Imperial Army, blazes a trail of terror across the countryside in search of the sacred sword that will make him a god. Standing in his way is Taito, an omnipotent star reborn in human form—a young hero who vows to use his celestial strength to avenge those slaughtered by the villainous Shogun. Taito's mystical powers steer him toward a violent showdown with Keiro, and if used recklessly, his newfound abilities could shred the very fabric of his being. To master the art of control and become a heroic martial artist, Taito must seek the guidance of others like him: the seven star-born warriors with the strength to shatter a corrupt empire. (Source: RightStuf) The heated bond between Shana and Yuji is tested as their paranormal adventures continue. The Flame Haze fends off supernatural foes by night. By day, she contends with a classmate who's also after Yuji's heart. Emotions flare as a suspicious transfer student who resembles a recently defeated Denizen clings to Yuji. His training rises in intensity when they catch wind of a revered warrior in search of her lost lover—who will stop at nothing to extract the power keeping Yuji alive! (Source: FUNimation) Twenty years prior to the story's beginning, an asteroid headed for Earth destroys Pluto. Due to Pluto's destruction, the asteroid, which is dubbed Thanatos, becomes temporarily stagnant. Now, in order to avoid Earth's impending destruction, the International Solarsystem Development Agency (ISDA) works on the "D-Project", and creates the "Dragonaut" after finding a dragon egg under the ocean. This weapon's primary purpose is to destroy the asteroid when the time comes. However, they soon find out that the asteroid is not their only threat, as powerful dragon-like creatures, which are bent on destruction, appear on Earth. After witnessing a murder by one of the creatures, Jin Kamishina, a lonely 18-year-old boy who lost his family in a shuttle accident two years ago, gets involved in the mysteries of the dragons and becomes the chosen pilot of the Dragonaut. Helping him on his journey is Toa, a mysterious girl who saves him from falling to his death after the creature attacks him. As they get deeper into the mysteries of the dragons, they encounter new friends and enemies, and also begin to develop a closer relationship. (Source: Wikipedia) 15 one-minute shorts created by various people from Japan's animation industry. The title of the collection, Ani*Kuri15, is abbreviated from the words "anime" and "creators". Season One Shinji Kimura (Studio 4°C; Art Director, Steamboy) - title: Attack of Higashimachi Ni Chome/Attack of Higashimachi 2nd Burough Shōjirō Nishimi (Studio 4°C; Character Designer, Tekkonkinkreet) - Uchujin Raikou Hiroshi no Baai/Invasion from Space - Hiroshi's Case Akemi Hayashi (Gainax; Character Designer, Fruits Basket) - Namida no Mukou/From the Other Side of the Tears Osamu Kobayashi (Madhouse; Art/Mecha Desgin, Gungrave) - Sancha Blues/The Aromatic Tea Blues Yasufumi Soejima (Gonzo; 3D/CG Director, Last Exile) - Hyotoko/Blaze Man Season Two Atsushi Takeuchi (Production I.G; Mecha Design, Ghost in the Shell) Mamoru Oshii (Production I.G; Director, Ghost in the Shell) - Project Mermaid Kazuto Nakazawa (Studio 4°C; First Unit Director, Kill Bill Chapter 3: The Origin of O-Ren from Kill Bill: Volume 1) - "yurururu" ~Nichijou Hen~ Ranji Murata (Gonzo; Character Design, Blue Submarine No. 6) and Tatsuya Yabuta (Gonzo; Story Design, Final Fantasy VII) - Gyrosopter Tobira Oda (Original Manga, Danchi Tomō) and Yasuyuki Shimizu (Key Animation, Naruto (movies)) (Studio 4°C) Season Three Michael Arias (Studio 4°C; Director, Tekkonkinkreet) - Okkakekko Makoto Shinkai (Comix Wave Film; Director, The Place Promised in Our Early Days) - Neko no Shuukai/A Gathering of Cats Shōji Kawamori (Satelight; Director, The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love?) - Project Omega Mahiro Maeda (Gonzo; Director, Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo) - Onmitsu Hime Satoshi Kon (Madhouse; Director, Paprika) - Ohayō/Good Morning While touring Alamos Town—home of the Space-Time Tower—with the beautiful Alice, Ash and his friends discover that the town's special garden has been decimated! Baron Alberto, a dashing but arrogant fellow, immediately blames the destruction on Darkrai. As if it just overheard the accusation, Darkrai appears and confronts our heroes! Who is Darkrai? Is it a fiend... or a friend in disguise? And as a battle between Legendary Pokemon Dialga and Palkia rages directly above Alamos Town—and threatens to tear a hole in the space-time continuum—will Ash and his friends survive this showdown and learn Darkrai's true nature? (Source: DVD Cover [English Version]) Prologue to the movie, showing the Whiskey Peak arc. Released as an OVA. (Source: AniDB) Much like looking through a window, Iblard Jikan explores the fantastic and beautiful world of Iblard by panning through art created by Naohisa Inoue. Iblard shows itself to be nothing short of amazing and will wash serenity over your mind. (Source: ANN) The characters from previous .hack//G.U. Games and .hack//Roots receive an email from Ovan. He is requesting them to go to Hidden Forbidden Festival where is set up a mysterious summer festival. There they find an AIDA Chim Chim who wishes to peacefully co-exist with the other players of The World. It then transforms into the word "Returner", so they assume it to mean that Ovan will return to The World. (Source: ANN) Night Wizard. A term given to those whose mission is to protect the world from impending darkness. Renji Hiiragi is one such Night Wizard, who is constantly called on missions, even though all he wants is to be able to go to school and graduate. However, his latest order was to protect Elis Shiho, who is a new transfer student at his academy. Being dragged into the Astronomy Club by Renji's childhood friend, Kureha Akabane on her first day at school, Elis soon realises that she too, has the power to become a night wizard, after possessing one of seven secret Jewels, the Jewel of Kindness. Along with Renji and Kureha, Elis now begins her fight and her new life, as a Night Wizard (Source: ANN) Life has returned to some form of normalcy after the end of the series, and so His Majesty Yuuri Shibuya travels to oversee how things are going. While doing so, he runs into the king of Small Shimeron--Sararegi. But it seems there may be something more to him than the friendly king he presents himself as. Yuuri go back to Shimaron to relax and meet some friends, when the "king" of Little Shimaron suddenly joins the group and wants the Maou to come to his country. The Original king sends a message to Yuuri's brother and his friend that Yuuri is in trouble. (Source: ANN) A bunch of dreamers and treasure hunters go hunting for a legendary dragon treasure. (Source: AniDB) Naho, an eleven-year-old girl, lives with her father and her two-year-old brother Jun. Her mother died after giving birth to Jun, so Naho has to take care of young Jun at home. Understandingly, this situation is frustrating to little Naho. A girl of her age would be dying to go out and play with friends, but because of Jun, she has to give priority to her duties. One day, a bizarre man, wearing a long coat and with a big suitcase in his hand, turns up in front of Naho. He introduces himself as "Kotaro the Dreamball Dealer" and tells Naho he can take her to a dreamland away from her everyday life. But after this encounter, strange phenomena begin to happen to Naho. Now Naho is having fun with her friends, and several different worlds come and go before her eyes. Then she finds herself with his father and mother, only the three of them again... But as she starts feeling anxious, the next moment she finds herself wandering into Jun's dream! Naho is confused. What would she ask to Kotaro? What does she really desire from the deep of her heart? (Source: Production I.G.) The five girls plus Coco, Nuts, and Milk all go to visit a castle-themed theme park, where they dress up as princes and princesses and go off to have a fun-filled day. However, Coco and Nuts end up kidnapped! The girls have to save them with the help of two inhabitants of the Mirror Country, Hidarin and Migirin,  by battling Shadow, an evil clown, and five girls who are also from the Mirror Country that look very familiar... It is the world where magic and science coexist. Rayotte Steinberg, a lone wolf "tactical sorcerist", fights against monsters. They used to be human beings, but they had overused forbidden power, "magic", to turn into monsters. What he wears is "mold", the straight jacket that keeps him being a human. What he holds on his hand is "staff", a magical wand that explodes everything. If he casts magic, he moves one step to be a monster. If he doesn't, he will be killed. Among the harsh battles, he will face a sin he had committed in the past. (Source: AnimeNfo) Shana-tan special bundled with the Shakugan no Shana Movie director's cut special collection DVD. Another 100 years has passed since the end the end of Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2 (200 years after the original anime). In the past that is, very little time has gone by in the future. One day, Kasuga Nozomi encounters a strange boy at her high school, who sends her across time and space to Kyou, a place in another world that bears a strong resemblance to Kyoto towards the end of the Heian period. There, the Minamoto clan ("Genji"), led by Minamoto no Yoritomo, is at war with the Taira clan ("Heike"), led by Taira no Kiyomori. The Heike hope to defeat the Genji by releasing vengeful spirits to disturb the earth`s natural flow of energy and to terrorize the land. The boy is revealed to be the human form of Hakuryuu, the White Dragon God that protects Kyou, who is weakened by the presence of the vengeful spirits. As the Hakuryuu no Miko (Priestess of the White Dragon God), Nozomi allies herself with the Genji because Hakuryuu cannot send her home until his power is restored... (Source: AniDB) Recap episode of Silk Road Shounen Yuuto that took place between episode 16 and 17. The episode title is a homage to the famous novel Toki wo Kakeru Shoujo. An anthology produced by Studio 4°C. 1: Genius Party (Atsuko Fukushima) 2: Shanghai Dragon (Shoji Kawamori) 3: Deathtic 4 (Shinji Kimura) 4: Doorbell (Yuji Fukuyama) 5: Limit Cycle (Hideki Futamura) 6: Happy Machine (Masaaki Yuasa) 7: Baby Blue (Shinichiro Watanabe) Dr. Taylor was on a paleontology mission with his son, Max in Africa. Rex, Max's best friend, joins along as well. When Max had stumbled across some magic stone slabs with images of dinosaurs, the boys and their friend Zoe were being called out by the dinosaurs for help. It seems that an evil organization called the "Alpha Gang," led by the nefarious Dr. Z, traveled back in time to hunt down the dinosaurs so that they could take over the world by using those dinosaurs. It is up to Max, Rex, and their friend Zoe to travel around the world, defeating Dr. Z and the Alpha Gang while hunting down the dinosaurs. (Source: Wikipedia) The King of Hell had held Odin, the ruler of Norse gods, captured in the Land of the Dead with the help of Loki, the Trickster. The Valkyries failed to save him and ended up becoming sex slaves to the demons. As a trade to free himself, Odin had the river source to the World Tree sealed, which will destroy the whole world. But before that, Loki had Freya, Chief of Valkyries, captured to counter Odin's plot. In order to prevent the World Tree to fall, Loki have to find 2 keys which are protected by 2 invincible Valkyries—Sigurd & Suvia. And Loki turned his lustful attention on Suvia who was a Princess of Prishintia. (Source: ANN) "Tweeny Witches" The Adventure created by Studio 4C in collaboration with "Garo" creator Keita Amemiya. Includes the Alice chapters "Sakana ni Natta Maho Shojotai" and "Fuin Sareta Kokoro," Sheila chapters "Yosei Hakusho" and "Kori no Majo to Hien no Taki," and Eva chapters "Dragon House no Himitsu" and "Shippu Doto no Maho Shojotai" on three DVDs. (Source: AniDB) Based on the game by Black-Lilith. The beloved princess Rotte is arrested by the enemy. To save her life, her childhood friend has to make her a slave within the next month. A series of shorts parodying the main series Prism Ark. A recap of the whole Digimon Savers TV series in one episode, with original commentary by Agumon, Gaomon, and Lalamon, included in the final volume of the DVD releases. Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) Based on Nintendo DS game; Pokémon Mystery Dungeon 2: Time & Darkness. (Source: AniDB) Happy Happy Clover recounts the everyday life of a bunny named Chima and the other animals in the Crescent Moon Forest. The third series of Onegai My Melody. A boy is walking home through the city where he finds a new path that he follows. It starts to rain and he seeks shelter with the aid of a girl. He falls in love with the girl. He gets a feather, and if he always carries it, they will meet again. He returns to his home following the path, but the next day he cant find it again. Time progresses and he forgets the girl. 50 years later he returns to the same city and he dreams of the girl. He is still dutifully carrying the feather. Written, drawn, and directed by famed illustrator Yoshitaka Amano. (Source: AniDB, ANN) Mocha, Chiffon, Cappuccino, Espresso, and Milk go with Cinnamoroll in this adventure of a lifetime. Join them in their quest, meeting new friends like Anna (the girl who found Cinnamoroll/Cinnamon) and discovering new places like the Forest of Pastries and Bread and the Coffee Waterfalls. This movie is an alternative version of the TV series; it is composed of the two 2007 OVAs, edited to improve the pacing of the plot, and an extra segment akin to a TV episode where the cast are given the task of studying flowers. The plot has several differences to the TV series. The worried owner of a luxury hotel hires high school student Kuroi Misa who has experience with necromancy. The reason is that a series of suicides carried out by guests have taken place in the garden which was once a place of execution. She agrees to use her knowledge of the black arts but demands  a fee of ten million yen. A DVD-only special episode which gives us a glimpse of what happens after Angelique completes her mission. Tai Chi Chasers focuses on Rai, a young orphan, shocked to discover he's a secret descendent of the Tigeroids: an ancient race of peaceful beings locked in struggle with the ruthless and cunning Dragonoids. In a parallel universe called Suhn, the Tigeroids and Dragonoids are locked in an age-old race to recover 500 lost tai chi symbols. Whoever recovers these precious and potent symbols will possess the ultimate power to rule their realm…and destroy their enemies. Rai must now hone his innate tai chi card skills to fight the Dragonoids, find the lost symbols and battle to become one of the champion Tai Chi Chasers. (Source: ANN) The fourth short premiered on ANA flights on August 1, 2007. (Source: Wikipedia) A child whose head is numerals, a child who winds his own face and has it under his arm. What was left is his identity, a child whose eyes are provided by fishes, a child who lies down on the floor and head-butts his identity, a child who cannot say anything because of a zipper across his mouth. He undo the zipper but under it is another zipper... Ecology and philosophy of  children with sadness and humour. (Source: Yamamura Animation) A Christmas OVA based on the European Pénélope picture books from Georg Hallensleben and Ann Gutman about the adventures of a blue koala. Masaru, a second year Junior High student and undefeated street-fighter, is about to learn the meaning of the word "teamwork." After Agumon escapes DATS, an organization that deals with Digimon, it winds up in a fight with Masaru. Soon Yoshino and Lalamon come to capture Agumon, and the two fighters escape. After an evil Digimon appears, it's up to Masaru and Agumon to defeat it with their DNA Charge. Soon, Masaru must join DATS to put an end to the Digimon coming to Earth. With the help of Yoshino, Ikuto, and Touma, the group must stop any evil Digimon that appear, and return them to the Digital World. But not everything goes as planned... Enter the world of the Sylvanians, a community of tiny anthropomorphized animals who have the same difficulties that people do. But the Sylvanians are often able to work through those dilemmas, teaching the children who join them valuable life lessons. (Source: Amazon.co.uk) Summary of the first TV-Series. Most people think being born into a noble family means a life of comfort and wealth. That couldn't be further from the truth for Shuurei Kou. Despite the Kou family being an old and important bloodline, they've fallen on hard times. Shuurei's father works as an archivist in the Imperial library, which is a prestigious position, but unfortunately not one that pays much. To put food on the table, Shuurei works odd jobs such as teaching young children or playing live music in a restaurant―and even then, it's barely enough. Then, one day, a court advisor makes Shuurei an offer. If she becomes the concubine of the new, but lazy, emperor and teaches him how to become a good ruler, then she will receive 500 pieces of gold. Never one to turn down good money, Shuurei accepts the proposition. After all, the new emperor only prefers men so her virtue is safe… or so she thinks. The more time she spends in the palace, the more her old dream of becoming a court official is reignited. There's only one problem: she's a woman and women do not become government officials. Shuurei may be able to turn the emperor into a good ruler, but will it be at the expense of her own aspirations? A special included in the Eiga Yes! Precure 5 GoGo! Okashi no Kuni no Happy Birthday movie. A pretty female cat gets into trouble. What's gonna happen? It's a sexy and violent sexploitation clay-animation! A series of short specials where Friagne and Marianne explain different terms from the second season of Shakugan no Shana. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. Yoshimura Sumimura comes from a long line of "Kekkaishi," individuals who have supernatural abilities and are able to destroy evil creatures called Ayakashi that venture into the human realm from time to time. The Ayakashi are demons that look to feast on the power emanating from the land of Karasumori, which also happens to be where Yoshimura's high school is located. Now, Yoshimura must fight to protect his beloved school and hometown. Although, if it were up to him, he would rather be baking cakes than fighting off the ugly characters that show up at night. Thankfully, Yoshimura isn't the only one helping to keep the baddies at bay. His childhood friend and neighbor, Tokine Yukimura, joins him in this righteous battle. Despite the fact that they are from rival clans, these two make a fantastic team. And teamwork is something vital to fighting the evil that is closing in, as the Ayakashi attack in waves, looking to claim the land as their own, and a shadowy organization looks on, ready to pounce when the time is right... A special Christmas episode. The evil Shadow Lord has taken control of the kingdom of Deltora and has driven the land and its people into misfortune and suffering. Lief, the son of a blacksmith, has just turned sixteen and is entrusted, along with his two companions Barda and Jasmine, with an important mission: to retrieve the stolen seven magical stones that once reunited within the Belt of Deltora, will bring power to the true heir of Deltora and give him the power to free the kingdom from the tyranny of the Shadow Lord. There is just one problem; the seven stones have been scattered all across Deltora and currently reside in the hands of seven wicked men who are not easily willing to give them up. (Source: ANN) Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Shuurei needs to deal with more obstacles in the new series. More danger comes her way but at the same time meeting friends who will help her with her work as an official. (Source: ANN) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Additional specials included in two Blu-ray Box volumes of Soul Eater. Originally they were a part of late-night version of dual broadcast of Soul Eater; the regular Monday 6:00 p.m. version and a late-night "Soul Eater Late Show" version. Special footage was added at the start and end of the commercial break; the next episode preview was also different from the regular version. (Source: Wikipedia) As Shu's village was being attacked by an unknown enemy, he and his friends, Jiro and Kluke decide to defend their home. They soon meet warrior Zola and receive the powers of Shadow, an ability that let's them transform their shadow into a powerful monster. Shu receives one of the most powerful monsters, Blue Dragon, and they all set out to defeat their enemy. (Source: ANN) Bakugan Battle Brawlers begins with Danma Kuusou, a boy who invented the game Bakugan with his friend Shun Kazami after mysterious and seemingly random cards fell out of the sky. Together with their other friends, they form a team called the "Bakugan Battle Brawlers" in order to play this new game together. But unknown to these young friends, Bakugan is much more than a simple past time. Their game accidently sucks them into an alternate dimension called Vestroia, the home ground of Bakugan. Vestroia has recently come under attack by creatures known as the Doom Beings. This realm is balanced by the Perfect Core, which itself is formed by the Infinity and Silent Cores. When the evil Bakugan Naga attempted to take this great power for himself, he was unable to absorb the negative energy he wished to steal and found himself trapped in the Silent Core. Now, his presence within the core has destabilized Vestroia and attempts to merge with Earth as well as many other worlds. Danma and his friends must team up with individuals from other worlds who have also been drawn into this epic battle. As Naga is seeking the Infinity Core so that he may complete the Perfect Core in order to gain control of Vestroia, Earth, and all other worlds, time is of the essence in this devastating war of worlds.   Due to his father's disappearance, Itsuki Iba has to take over the family business: a magician dispatch service. Their family employs countless magicians and other supernatural beings in order to send them out to help those who need magical assistance. As a leader, Itsuki now has to be tough, commanding, and reliable, but there's one problem, he's a coward. Also, in order to run a successful business, he must connect with his employees, which is more difficult than it seems due to his personality. But not only does he have to deal with his own employees, he also has to deal with those who threaten the family business. (Source: CrunchyRoll) A seed of hope descends from the sky, landing atop Flappy's head and sprouting between his ears. Goyaan is sent after the seed of hope and uses a seed of despair to transform an Uzaina, causing big trouble for the Precure! Ten years ago, the World Tree that protected peace and order of the world was being targeted by an evil organization called the Zakum. The Human race led four other races: the brave warriors, the intelligent magicians, the agile archers and the sly thieves in a fight against the Zakums. In the end, the World Tree activated self-destruction to protect itself. However, the other races thought it was the Human race that destroyed the World Tree. When the World Tree was destroyed most of the races had nothing left, so a number of them went to Maple Island thinking the ones who stayed would die. They escaped Victoria and lived on Maple Island where living is getting harder and harder. Since then, a never-ending war between the different races began. Ten years later, the main protagonist, Al, is determined to revive the World Tree. Al and his companions begin their journey to seek the seeds of the World Tree. At the same time, the Zakums reappear… (Source: Wikipedia) For citizens of the Ken Empire, justice is a myth. Lord Keiro, the deranged Shogun of the Imperial Army, blazes a trail of terror across the countryside in search of the sacred sword that will make him a god. Standing in his way is Taito, an omnipotent star reborn in human form—a young hero who vows to use his celestial strength to avenge those slaughtered by the villainous Shogun. Taito's mystical powers steer him toward a violent showdown with Keiro, and if used recklessly, his newfound abilities could shred the very fabric of his being. To master the art of control and become a heroic martial artist, Taito must seek the guidance of others like him: the seven star-born warriors with the strength to shatter a corrupt empire. (Source: RightStuf) The heated bond between Shana and Yuji is tested as their paranormal adventures continue. The Flame Haze fends off supernatural foes by night. By day, she contends with a classmate who's also after Yuji's heart. Emotions flare as a suspicious transfer student who resembles a recently defeated Denizen clings to Yuji. His training rises in intensity when they catch wind of a revered warrior in search of her lost lover—who will stop at nothing to extract the power keeping Yuji alive! (Source: FUNimation) Twenty years prior to the story's beginning, an asteroid headed for Earth destroys Pluto. Due to Pluto's destruction, the asteroid, which is dubbed Thanatos, becomes temporarily stagnant. Now, in order to avoid Earth's impending destruction, the International Solarsystem Development Agency (ISDA) works on the "D-Project", and creates the "Dragonaut" after finding a dragon egg under the ocean. This weapon's primary purpose is to destroy the asteroid when the time comes. However, they soon find out that the asteroid is not their only threat, as powerful dragon-like creatures, which are bent on destruction, appear on Earth. After witnessing a murder by one of the creatures, Jin Kamishina, a lonely 18-year-old boy who lost his family in a shuttle accident two years ago, gets involved in the mysteries of the dragons and becomes the chosen pilot of the Dragonaut. Helping him on his journey is Toa, a mysterious girl who saves him from falling to his death after the creature attacks him. As they get deeper into the mysteries of the dragons, they encounter new friends and enemies, and also begin to develop a closer relationship. (Source: Wikipedia)  Unaired episode of the MapleStory series included on the 9th DVD Volume. A lonely little boy named Sousuke lives with his mother by the sea, flashing messages across the water to his father's boat. One day, amid the detritus brought in with the tide, he stumbles upon a little goldfish. Delighted by this strange new friend, he takes her home and names her Ponyo. Sousuke comes to learn, however, that Ponyo is no ordinary fish. A visit from a strange man brings with it fantastical happenings that lead Sousuke and Ponyo on an enlightening adventure. In Gake no Ue no Ponyo , magic and reality clash around Ponyo and Sousuke, testing their resolve. Despite the trials they face, Ponyo and Sousuke form a strong friendship. They meet many interesting characters, and learn just as many lessons from them. A persimmon tree wants to grow more fruit and a crow wants to get over his fear of flying. They end up working together to achieve what the both want. Holo is a powerful wolf deity who is celebrated and revered in the small town of Pasloe for blessing the annual harvest. Yet as years go by and the villagers become more self-sufficient, Holo, who stylizes herself as the "Wise Wolf of Yoitsu," has been reduced to a mere folk tale. When a traveling merchant named Kraft Lawrence stops at Pasloe, Holo offers to become his business partner if he eventually takes her to her northern home of Yoitsu. The savvy trader recognizes Holo's unusual ability to evaluate a person's character and accepts her proposition. Now in the possession of both sharp business skills and a charismatic negotiator, Lawrence inches closer to his goal of opening his own shop. However, as Lawrence travels the countryside with Holo in search of economic opportunities, he begins to realize that his aspirations are slowly morphing into something unexpected. Based on the popular light novel of the same name, Ookami to Koushinryou , also known as Spice and Wolf , fuses the two polar genres of economics and romance to create an enthralling story abundant with elaborate schemes, sharp humor, and witty dialogue. Ookami to Koushinryou is more than just a story of bartering; it turns into a journey of searching for a lost identity in an ever-changing world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Youkai Academy is a seemingly normal boarding school, except that its pupils are monsters learning to coexist with humans. All students attend in human form and take normal academic subjects, such as literature, gym, foreign language, and mathematics. However, there is one golden rule at Youkai Academy—all humans found on school grounds are to be executed immediately! Tsukune Aono is an average teenager who is unable to get into any high school because of his bad grades. His parents inadvertently enroll him into Youkai Academy as a last-ditch effort to secure his education. As Tsukune unknowingly enters this new world, he has a run-in with the most attractive girl on campus, Moka Akashiya. Deciding to stay in the perilous realm in order to further his relationship with Moka, he does not realize that beneath her beauty lies a menacing monster—a vampire. Rosario to Vampire is a supernatural school comedy that explores Tsukune's romantic exploits, experiences, and misadventures with a bevy of beautiful but dangerous creatures. [Written by MAL Rewrite] As a child, Yuu Kusaka made a vow upon a shooting star that he would stand on the side of justice and defend the weak. However, the death of one of his friends robs him of the desire to live up to that vow, and he turns a blind eye to the misery of others, using the mysterious power he possesses as a means of making money instead of helping those in need. His days of living only for himself continue, until he's forced to fight for his life against another classmate with powers similar to his. He's saved by a mysterious girl named Eimu Yoake, who also has strange powers. Eimu reveals that his powers stem from a creature known as an Ayakashi , a parasitic being that grants the user special abilities at the price of slowly draining the life of the host. She helps him fully awaken his own. Now aware of the ayakashi he possesses, Yuu must live up to his childhood vow, putting his ayakashi to use and fend off those who would use their own for evil, all while unraveling the mystery behind the death of his friend. It is said that every few years, there is what's known as the "Summer of Anu."  During that summer, thanks to the divine protection of the sky-god Anu, all of the demons in the tower lose their power.  The country of Uruk has begun an invasion of the tower in order to suppress the demons.  They've built up positions inside the tower, with their sights set on getting to the upper levels.  The Uruk army knows that this is the third Summer of Anu-a perfect time to launch a mission to suppress the monster Druaga once and for all.  The army soldiers aren't the only ones in the tower, though.  An enitre city called Meskia has formed inside the tower's first floor.  It plays host not just to soldiers, but also to adventurers who have heard rumors about a legendary treasure called the Blue Crystal Rod, which is said to rest at the very top of the tower.  With all these different groups in the mix, each with its own agenda, one can only guess how things will play out during this unusual summer. (Source:  Newtype Magazine) Based on the CyberConnect2 HIT GAME, now will be released in a CG Movie! The Movie will be placed in the storyline of each .hack//G.U. games trilogy. The story follows Haseo, a player in the online MMORPG called The World:R2 at first depicted as a PKK (Player Killer Killer) known as the "Terror of Death", a former member of the disbanded Twilight Brigade guild. Haseo encounters Azure Kite (believing him to be Tri-Edge and blaming him for what happened to Shino) but is hopelessly outmatched. Azure Kite easily defeats Haseo and Data Drains him, reducing his level from 133 to 1 and leaving him without any items, weapons, or member addresses. He is left with a mystery on his hands as to the nature of the Data Drain and why Azure Kite is in possession of such a skill. Eventually Haseo gains the "Avatar" of Skeith. Acquiring the ability to call Skeith and wield his abilities, such as Data Drain. With Skeith as his strength, Haseo begins the quest for a way to save Shino. He is seen seeking out a PK (Player Killer) known as Tri-Edge, whose victims supposedly are unable to return to The World after he PKs them. Haseo's friend, Shino, was attacked six months prior to the events of the game by Tri-Edge, and the player herself, Shino Nanao, was left in a coma. (Source: AniDB) In Neo Venezia, Akari, Aika, and Alice continue to work diligently toward the day they become full-fledged Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier). The girls have come far since they began their training, and they are slowly forming their own distinctive styles as tour guides for the city. On the long journey towards their goal, the girls have relied on the advice of their seniors from their respective companies: the patient and understanding Alicia from Aria Company, the strict and proper Akira from Himeya Company, and the clumsy yet caring Athena from Orange Planet Company. Will the girls be able to blend the advice from their mentors with their personally acquired knowledge of Neo Venezia to become praiseworthy Prima Undines? Welcome once more to Neo Venezia; the city that personifies warmth and tranquility. [Written by MAL Rewrite] "See the world" With these words, Rahzel, the daughter of a rich family, is kicked out of her house and sent on her journey. Along the way she meets up with Heat and Alzeid, two men with very different personalities but very similar journeys. Rahzel is a clever, stubborn, and confident girl, who, with the powers of her magic and mind helps the people she runs into on her journey to discover the world. The Mizuchi bloodline has long been hunted by Yokai, or monsters. Toru and Noboru Takagami are descendents of this bloodline, and under their grandmother's discretion, are given a secret weapon to combat these monsters. It is Tenko Kugen, a fox deity who can take the shape of a man or woman at will. The mischievous deity is accompanied by a shrine maiden, Ko, who will both live with the Takagami brothers at their house. Life just got complicated. (Source: NIS America) Tokidoki is a Japanese high school student who, when he fails his history class, is sent to a high-tech history museum that virtually recreates the Edo period to do make-up work. However, what was supposed to be a simple school project becomes much more complicated when he's attacked by two supernatural beings known as "the nue" and "the yakou" and loses the vision in his left eye. After he's saved from the nue by a girl named Kuchiha, he realizes that he's no longer wearing the simulation goggles, and is trapped in the virtual Edo. (Source: Wikipedia) The 3D modeled anime is set in Year 019 of the Insonity Progressive Revolution - a future era in which mankind has evolved into a new species called Adapters. Three very young Adapter girls from Japan, China and France set out on a space adventure that will affect the rest of their species. (Source: animekon) When someone dies, what should their final words be? Words that couldn't be said while still alive—of love, hate, hope, regret, or perhaps words without any importance. These words are sent through letters called "shigofumi" from the recently deceased to the living. Mikawa Fumika is a mail carrier of these shigofumi, delivering them alongside staff and her partner Kanaka. However, there must be something more behind Fumika's silent exterior; shigofumi mail carriers are deceased humans with the same appearance they had just before death. Despite this, Fumika is still aging... [Written by MAL Rewrite] The loquacious sentient tank, Gyrano De Borgerac seems very busy being pampered by solicitous maids. The fairy Sherri, too, is enjoying the luxury of the court's life. And for Rita, time has come to face her duties as princess of Wellber. But Tina is resolute: she wants to continue her search for the Man with a tattoo of Bee the Death, the devil who exterminated her family. An unspeakable feeling of sadness fills the hearts of the two girls, who shared so much and are now about to say farewell to each other. And then, on the day of Tina's departure... A new journey that will take Tina walking through the still sore scars of the Great War that wiped out entire cities ten years before, until the unsuspected truth about her nemesis! Credit: Production I.G ( /www.productionig.com ) After the 12 Gold Saints sacrifice their lives to destroy the Wailing Wall, The Bronze Saints enter the deepest realm of the Underworld, Elysion, where they face off aganist Hades's two most powerful servants: The Twin Gods, Hypnos and Thanatos, before they can reach Hades for the final battle. Death City is home to the famous Shibusen, a technical academy headed by the Shinigami–Lord Death himself. Its mission: to raise "Death Scythes" for the Shinigami to wield against the many evils of their fantastical world. These Death Scythes, however, are not made from physical weapons; rather, they are born from human hybrids who have the ability to transform their bodies into Demon Weapons, and only after they have consumed the souls of 99 evil beings and one witch's soul. Soul Eater Evans, a Demon Scythe who only seems to care about what's cool, aims to become a Death Scythe with the help of his straight-laced wielder, or meister, Maka Albarn. The contrasting duo work and study alongside the hot headed Black☆Star and his caring weapon Tsubaki, as well as the Shinigami's own son, Death the Kid, an obsessive-compulsive dual wielder of twin pistols Patty and Liz. Soul Eater follows these students of Shibusen as they take on missions to collect souls and protect the city from the world's threats while working together under the snickering sun to become sounder in mind, body, and soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite] While the young Angelique lives out her days peacefully in her school, attacks from the monstrous Thanatos has been increasing everywhere else. Two Purifiers show up one day, men with the power to exterminate the Thanatos. One of them, Nyx, attempts to convince Angelique to join them in their work, as she has the power to be the only female Purifier. As Angelique hesitates, a Thanatos shows up in their school. Nyx and the other Purifier, Rayne, fight a losing battle. With her classmates falling prey to the Thanatos, and the Purifiers beaten to submission, Angelique's desire to save everyone awakens. She became the only female Purifier in their land of Arcadia, the one known as the "Queen's Egg". The story continues where it left off at season 1, but now we start to get to know the people we already know a little more in detail. (Source: ANN) Magician's Academy revolves around Takuto Hasegawa, who attends a magic academy that is not marked on any map. During a summoning spell exam, he accidentally creates a girl named Tanarotte, who happens to hold enough magical power to destroy his country, but fortunately Tanarotte professes undying loyalty (and love) to her "creator." (Source: ANN) Silent, apathetic, yet mischievous, 14-year-old Rokujou Miharu is the bearer of the hijutsu, "Shinrabanshou," a powerful technique many ninja clans desire to possess to become the ruler of Nabari. Fellow classmate Kouichi and his English teacher Kumohira are both secretly Banten clan ninjas, pledging themselves to protect Miharu from his many attackers. Keeping apathetic, Miharu attempts to reject their invitation to join their ninja "club." However, after numerous attacks, he finds no choice but to join their group as a means for his survival. Slowly, Miharu takes a step closer to becoming the ruler of Nabari. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ran is a bright and energetic first-grader in junior high school who possesses supernatual abilities. Together with Midori (her friend who also has supernatural powers) and Rui, the threesome are constantly embroiled in mysterious circumstances. Ran is troubled by her powers because it seems to spark off the ill intentions of people in contact with her. However, with the support of her family and peers, Ran learns to deal with her 'other' side and accepts who she is. The threesome also learn how to team up as a whole and solve these mysterious events. (Source: ANN) A direct continuation of the former season, this series again follows the story of Nozomi Yumehara and her friends from Yes! Precure 5 . The girls who had formerly lost their powers and bade farewell to their friends Coco and Nuts from Palmier Kingdom are resurrected as Pretty Cure by the mysterious woman Flora who also wants them to find her in a place called Cure Rosegarden. To go there, they need the magic Rose Pact and the powers of the four kings of countries surrounding Palmier. But a dark organization called Eternal is also striving to get to Cure Rosegarden by stealing the Rose Pact. Luckily, Precure get helped by new allies: the delivery-boy Syrup who can change into a giant bird and fly them anywhere they want and the mysterious and beautiful fighter Milky Rose stand alongside Pretty Cure to protect what is really valuable. Following his brave sacrifice in the war against Albion, Saito Hiraga is knighted and treated as an aristocrat, something that proves difficult for Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière. With their relationship no longer defined as the mighty Void mage and clueless familiar, she wonders what exactly this means for them. While venturing to a castle, Louise is ambushed by a powerful mage named Sheffield. Battling alone, the young mage nearly faces defeat until Saito makes his appearance. The mystical and unknown nature of Void magic seems to be at work in the battle, and Louise begins to believe in the possibility of another Void user. Moreover, she realizes that Saito's magical rune is fading, and so a new adventure begins as they search for the elf who revived Saito in the past. The relationship between former master and servant faces a new challenge as they work to restore the runes and redefine the bond which holds them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The movie is a retelling of the Drum Island arc with new music and animation. Vivi has been removed from the plot while both Nico Robin and Franky, who joined the crew after the Drum Island arc, have been added. The movie also has the Straw Hat's new ship, the Thousand Sunny. It has been stated that Oda will be creating a new character for this movie, Wapol's older brother, Mushul, who also appears to be a Devil Fruit user. (Source: Wikipedia) On the other side of the world, there exists another mysterious, mirror-like dimension known as the Reverse World.  In this unique space lives the legendary Pokemon Giratina, a god-like Pokemon who soon finds itself in a great struggle with the legendary Pokemon Dialga!  Why are these two Pokemon fighting?  And what is the secret of this Reverse World? Meanwhile, Satoshi and his friends are traveling when they are greeted by yet another legendary Pokemon, Shami.  This cute and somewhat cheeky Pokemon holds the secret to the battle between the two god Pokemon, but something unexpected happens to it during its journey.  In order to save both worlds, Satoshi joins forces with it to stop the fighting once and for all! Having lost the Sword of Light in the previous battle, Lina and Gourry continue their journey in search of a replacement weapon. On the way, the two of them meet up with Amelia and Zelgadis in the kingdom of Luvinagard while taunting some pirates. Lina is happy to reunite with her old friends, but appearing before her is Luvinagard's Inspector of the Special Investigative Unit; a man called Wizer. However, Lina is amazed at his unusual behavior... (Source: ANN) The demon hunters are back! Mikoto, Sui, and Takeru are sent to investigate a mysterious island where people have been disappearing repeatedly and dark yoma are rumored to be the cause. When the team first arrives it almost feels like a vacation to them, but it doesn't take them long to the feel the presence of something dark and evil... At the end of season 2. Yuuri defeats Shinou, but since Shinou had been defeated, Yuuri and Murata could no longer go to the Shin Makoku. However, because Yuuri had fought and defeated him, his powers had surpassed that of Shinou's, resulting in him being able to rely on his own power to return to Shin Makoku. After the ceremony at the age of 16, Yuuri slowly begins to discover that much has happened while he was away. The ten officials of the noble family have decided to make Wolfram the next Maou, but now that Yuuri has returned and taken back his role as Maou, complications arise when one noble disagrees with Yuuri returning to the throne. In addition, an ancient secret society that threatens the peace of both humans and Mazoku has risen, and a fight for the throne that now leaves the nobles wondering who is the legitimate Maou. While most fifteen-year-old boys, in one way or another, harbor secrets that are related to girls, Takashi Natsume has a peculiar and terrifying secret involving youkai: for as long as he can remember, he has been constantly chased by these spirits. Natsume soon discovers that his deceased grandmother Reiko had passed on to him the Yuujinchou, or "Book of Friends," which contains the names of the spirits whom she brought under her control. Now in Natsume's possession, the book gives Reiko's grandson this power as well, which is why these enraged beings now haunt him in hopes of somehow attaining their freedom. Without parents and a loving home, and constantly being hunted by hostile, merciless youkai, Natsume is looking for solace—a place where he belongs. However, his only companion is a self-proclaimed bodyguard named Madara. Fondly referred to as Nyanko-sensei, Madara is a mysterious, pint-sized feline spirit who has his own reasons for sticking with the boy. Based on the critically acclaimed manga by Yuki Midorikawa, Natsume Yuujinchou is an unconventional and supernatural slice-of-life series that follows Natsume as he, with his infamous protector Madara, endeavors to free the spirits bound by his grandmother's contract. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the game by Lilith Mist. Clannad: After Story , the sequel to the critically acclaimed slice-of-life series Clannad , begins after Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa graduate from high school. Together, they experience the emotional rollercoaster of growing up. Unable to decide on a course for his future, Tomoya learns the value of a strong work ethic and discovers the strength of Nagisa's support. Through the couple's dedication and unity of purpose, they push forward to confront their personal problems, deepen their old relationships, and create new bonds. Time also moves on in the Illusionary World. As the plains grow cold with the approach of winter, the Illusionary Girl and the Garbage Doll are presented with a difficult situation that reveals the World's true purpose. Based on the visual novel by Key and produced by Kyoto Animation, Clannad: After Story is an impactful drama highlighting the importance of family and the struggles of adulthood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After the events of the Blue Dragon series, Shu and Bouquet join a resistance group to fight General Rogi's army of invasion.They encounter a mysterious child , Noi, who has the power to revive Shu's shadow counter-part Blue Dragon, and save her from the pursuit of a red dragon. Now Shu and his company have to set foot once again on a journey to discover the purpose of the dragons, undergo their tests and stop the chains of events which threatens the fate of humanity. (Source: ANN) A year has passed since Tsukune was sent to the Youkai academy. Tsukune has gotten used to life there, or so he thought. As a second year, he and the girls are looked up to by the juniors. On the first day back to school, a sudden encounter with Shuzen Kokoa, takes a turn for the worst. What Adventures or should we say, misadventures await our human, vampire and friends? This anime is based on an eroge game by Baseson, which was loosely based on the classic Chinese novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms. Having lost her family to bandits during night raid, Kanu swears, she will not let others share the same pain. She quickly becomes a well-known and feared by villains bandit hunter. During her journey she comes across others, who wish to join her cause. One of them is a girl RinRin, who had similar experience with bandits in the past. In a city filled with anthropomorphic cat-people, Catman lives free of rules and boundaries, doing everything he wants, which often collides with the other iinhabitants of the city. Created entirely in flash, with no spoken dialog, Catman instead speaks in English and Japanese subtitles. The series is spread across three so-called 'seasons', with only the third having been aired. Spinoff based on the Nintendo DS RPG game by SEGA, released in Japan July, 2008. In a world where humans serve as livestock for the ruling beastman, and where sand fills the roles of water and fire. Kyrie is recruited by the "World Destruction Committee" to assist in putting an end to their world. Kyrie alone holds the power needed to do it. (Source: AniDB) A special bonus Parody Mode added to the extras of the .hack//G.U. Trilogy (Source: AniDB) In the nineteenth century, we find Lydia Carlton living in Scotland, making a living as a fairy doctor. She is one of those rare humans who can see and communicate with fairies. But no one believes her. However, Edgar is in need of someone with a vast knowledge of fairy lore, and Lydia is just that person. After rescuing her, he becomes her employer, but there are many secrets and emotions that seem to follow Edgar, who claims to be the Blue Knight's Earl. Continuing where the first season left off, the sudden increase of Thanatos with the disappearance of the Aube Hunters has now left Arcadia in ruin. Desperation reigns high as the Religious Organization fights to battle the Thanatos. Six months had already past since Hidamari mansion burned to ashes, the Aube Hunters, once hailed as heroes, is now blamed for the appearance of Thanatos. Nevertheless, hope still exists for the reappearance of the Queen's Egg one day, who will become the savior of Arcadia. Unknown to many however, the Aube Hunters have actually been silently waiting for the awakening of Angelique, who has been asleep the entire time. A regular old scarecrow has stood in a field for twenty years when one day, after a lightning storm, he comes to life. He becomes friends with the daughter of a scarecrow shop owner. An 11-year-old boy, Takasumi Takane, will be given a new bicycle if his exam results are in the top 100, but his results put him in 112th place. He tells his mother a lie that he placed 92nd, and he tears the answer sheets apart. On his way home from cram school, he accidently breaks the old bicycle that he is supposed to hand down to his little sister, Tamaki. This angers Tamaki. Furthermore, Tamaki accuses him of telling a lie, and he begins to think of her as a nuisance. One night, when he goes to a shrine to look for his missing dog, Chris, he encounters a young man named Yoyogi. Somehow, Yoyogi has the answer sheet marked as “92nd." Yoyogi proposes a trade, but threatens to return the answer sheet to its original owner unless he is given something Takane doesn't need. Takane offers him his sister, Tamaki. At that very moment, Tamaki arrives, searching for Takane and Chris. Yoyogi turns Tamaki into a shining object and swallows her. Takane decides that he was wrong and wants to save her. Yoyogi agrees to restore Tamaki to her original form if Takane wins a race against him, with his broken bicycle. Can Takane win the race rescue Tamaki? (Source: AnimeNFO) It's Nozomi's birthday, but it is disturbed by Bunbee chasing after a girl from another world, Chocola. When Pretty Cure rescue her, she thanks them by taking them to her country, Dessert Kingdom. In this cockaigne with rivers of juice and candy growing on trees, they feel very comfortable. But then they meet the evil Mushiban and his two subordinates Dry and Bitter. They want to take over the kingdom and change Pretty Cure into sweets. In order to save not only Nozomi's Birthday but also the whole Dessert Kingdom, Pretty Cure have to fight their way against Dry and Bitter and also against their own friend: Coco, who is being brainwashed by Mushiban. The 13th episode of Shigofumi. This is a special "back-side" (ura) episode aired on GyaO simultaneously with original broadcast which features the background story from party's side instead of Jil's. (Source: AniDB) Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) The world of Auldrant is bound by the Score, a series of prophecies from centuries past that dictate the world's future. It is considered an absolute fate that everyone lives by—even people whose actions lead to bloodshed and tears. Using magical abilities known as the Fonic Arts, a war between the nation of Kimlasca-Lanvaldear and the Malkuth Empire is waged in hopes of bringing the Score's foreseen utopia to life. Tales of the Abyss follows Luke von Fabre, who spends his days locked away in his manor after being kidnapped and losing memories as a child. One day, while honing his swordsmanship, a woman named Tear attempts to assassinate his master. Luke defends him, but the clash results in the two being teleported to a distant land. Luke and Tear’s journey back quickly escalates into a quest that will either free the world from the Score's chains or destroy it completely. A 30-minute Inuyasha feature titled Kuroi Tessaiga screened on Takahashi Rumiko's picture exhibitions across Japan. In January 2010, this special ended up, slightly edited, as episode 15 of Inuyasha Kanketsu-hen. Young Ciel Phantomhive is known as "the Queen's Guard Dog," taking care of the many unsettling events that occur in Victorian England for Her Majesty. Aided by Sebastian Michaelis, his loyal butler with seemingly inhuman abilities, Ciel uses whatever means necessary to get the job done. But is there more to this black-clad butler than meets the eye? In Ciel's past lies a secret tragedy that enveloped him in perennial darkness—during one of his bleakest moments, he formed a contract with Sebastian, a demon, bargaining his soul in exchange for vengeance upon those who wronged him. Today, not only is Sebastian one hell of a butler, but he is also the perfect servant to carry out his master's orders—all the while anticipating the delicious meal he will eventually make of Ciel's soul. As the two work to unravel the mystery behind Ciel's chain of misfortunes, a bond forms between them that neither heaven nor hell can tear apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kokoro wo Chikara ni: The story follows the human girl Yakumo, who awakens from cryogenic sleep in a devastated world destroyed by genetically engineered lifeforms, Enterrans. With the help of a few friendly Enterrans, she goes on a journey to find more human survivors and bring peace between the two factions. Owaranai Chikyuu: After restoring the world to order, one threat remains for Yakumo and her friends. The cause of the war itself, hidden deep inside a meteorite that crashed at the start of the war, a cause that's about to resurface. There is a magical academy that is located on a floating island in the sky. This OVA is about the students of one of the academy's classes, who's only chance not to fail the semester is to win a competition where they must show off their magic skills. One day Nobita found a small sapling behind the hill but his mom won't allow him to plant it in the backyard. Using Doraemon's special tool, they made the tree alive so it could move around freely. Nobita name it Ki-bō and the two became like brothers. From there, a new adventure awaits... Based on an original concept by the original author Akira Toriyama, the story, set shortly after the defeat of Majin Buu, pits Son Gokuu and his friends against a new, powerful enemy. This special introduces four new characters: Abo and Kado red and blue aliens wearing battle fatigues similar to Frieza's army, one tiny yellow alien, and a young Saiyan child who vaguely resembles Vegeta named Tarble. Though very little about the plot has been revealed, Tarble has arrived on Earth, being pursued by Abo and Kado. (Source: Wikipedia) Picture Dramas bundled on the DVD volumes. Kakeru is a big fan of the Live On card game, like so many kids his age. However he loses every time he plays, no matter how hard he tries. Things change when one day Kakeru saves a small dog-like creature chased by weird people. The “dog” is in fact a Create Monster and gives Kakeru an unusual Live Change card, which in turn allows Kakeru to protect his newfound friend… And gets him involved in something he did not expect… (Source: ANN) The Straw Hat Pirates, searching for the great passage "Grand Line", are in trouble when their food runs out! Luffy, searching for food on his own, finds a ship belonging to the pirate, Gary, and takes it over!! He lands at a nearby town... Luffy was attacked by a young girl, Silk, who mistook him for a member of the other pirate gang. As the two eat a meal, they tell their stories. Meanwhile, Gary and his band are burning with anger at Luffy, demanding payment from the town's defenseless citizens...!! (Source: jumpland.com/animetour/op/index_en.html) A non-canon Yu☆Gi☆Oh! 5D's special from the 2008 Super Jump Anime Tour. Yuusei Fudou and Jack Atlas face off in a Riding Duel for the title of Duel King, with Aki and the twins watching. The ace dragons, Stardust Dragon and Red Daemon's Dragon, clash once again, and this time gain the power to 'evolve' using the Buster Mode trap card, becoming "Stardust Dragon/Buster" and "Red Demon's Dragon/Buster." Leia is a valkyrie. She is captured by Duke, a boss of a monster group, and just when she is about to get executed, Aaliyah, an another valkyrie, appears and beats up all monsters. She tells Duke to free Leia and he does so. But Leia suddenly robs Aaliyah of a silver ring, which gives Aaliyah power, and runs to Duke.... Aaliyah loses her power and finally gets captured.... Like this, Leia and Aaliyah become their sex slaves.... (Source: ErogeShop edit) Short comedy sketches involving Tenko & Kou. The story takes place in the land of Amber Ground, a place of perpetual night only partially illuminated by an artificial sun. Lag Seeing works as a "Letter Bee" (delivery boy) at the "Bee Hive" (a delivery service), with his Dingo, Niche, and her "pet," Steak, traveling with him. He is entrusted with the "hearts" of the everyone in Amber Ground to deliver their packages. (Source: Wikipedia) DVD beach episode of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Also known as episode #6.5. Sequel to Onegai My Melody Sukkiri. Picture Drama episodes included in each DVD volumes of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Episode Titles: vol.1 「Maid's Afternoon: Whip of Love」(メイドの午後　愛のムチ編) vol.2 「Maid's Afternoon: Afternoon for Two」(メイドの午後　二人きりの昼下がり編) vol.3 「Maid's Afternoon: The Last Night」 (メイドの午後　最後の夜編) vol.4 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Prologue (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 序章) vol.5 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 1 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第1章) vol.6 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 2 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第2章) vol.7 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 The Last Chapter (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 最終章) The sequel to Genius Party. It includes most of the films which were eventually finished but not included in the original Genius Party. 1: Gala (Mahiro Maeda) 2: Moondrive (Kazuto Nakazawa) 3. Wanwa the Puppy (Shinya Ohira) 4: Tojin Kit (Tatsuyuki Tanaka) 5: Dimension Bomb (Koji Morimoto) Chibi-Earl and Chibi-Fairy. Every special focuses on another character, who will in their turn recite a poem by Shakespeare, that they feel describes their lives the best. Movie based on the 2007 TV anime with an original plot. While playing in the ocean near a tropical resort, Pikachu & Co. get in a scuffle with Team Rocket's Pokémon. This scuffle causes the Pokémon to wind up miles away in an Ice-covered Paradise. However, when they get there, they are seperated soon find that certain Pokémon in the area require their assistance. Will they be able to reunite with their friends and help these Pokémon out? (Source: Serebii) Welcome to the fascinating world of Gensokyo, in which youkai (A term for all sorts of spiritual creatures), animals and some humans live, completely separated from our world by a magical barrier. The only gateway between the two worlds is the Hakurei shrine. Reimu Hakurei is the maiden working at said shrine. Whenever problems of supernatural causes (known as "Incidents") occur, Reimu goes out with her friends to investigate, eliminate the cause and hopefully restore Gensokyo to its equilibrium. A prequel to the video game by the same name. The video takes place in the year 2065, six years before the events of the videogame. In the video, three wielders of the "divine weapons" from the Fenrir Far East branch, an elite military task force, arrive at a military operation against the powerful creatures called Aragami. One of the three, Souma, is a protagonist in the videogame. (Source: ANN) A special included in the DVD of Koihime†Musou OVA and the BD-BOX of Koihime†Musou. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Having not only a narrator that enhances the educational aspect of the show, it also stars "super" seven heroes based on the five physical senses in addition to the two mental senses (nonsense and common sense). Noonbory (the main character) is considered to have the ability for common sense. The settings include the four seasons that make up the Technicolor world of Toobalooba. The cast of villains include Wangury and his band of Bullygury pirates, a lonely girl named Rosygury and an abominable snowman named Coldygury that can throw snowballs from his hat when he is angry at "somebory" or "somegury." (Source: Wikipedia) The classic tale of Gegege no Kitaro told yet again.  The story is the usual in the Gegege no Kitaro series. Kitaro is a boy living in the Gegege Forest/Cemetery (lands where many Yokai roam) with his mostly dead father (who survives only in his eye), Sunakake Babaa, NekoMusume, and Konaki Jiji.  One difference between this Kitaro and all of the others that came before him, is that this one has brown hair instead of the standard grayish silver.  Takara Tomy's popular doll "Licca-chan" got it's own animation "Licca-chan and the Magical World" produced by DLE Inc. This time the theme is a telephone, based on Licca-chan's (Rika-chan's) phone, and the story has elements that capture the girls' hearts such as Magic and Becoming a Princess. As supporting characters there's the vivid colored "Bear", a humorous take on princess as "Ann Queen" (voiced by Asa Komuro) and other original characters, creating an original scenario. (Source: DLE,  Inc.) AC: Complete contains a considerable amount of new footage that the original version lacks, as well as roughly a thousand revised scenes. This adds a total of 26 minutes to the film. Some of the new scenes include a more in-depth look at the Geostigma, Denzel and Kadaj's origins, as well as an extended fight between Cloud and Sephiroth. The Japanese release of this edition features a new ending track from Kyosuke Himuro called "Safe and Sound", with additional lyrics from My Chemical Romance frontman Gerard Way. The track replaces Himuro's previous track "Calling" from the original cut of the film. However, in the North American release, the song "Calling" remains, and "Safe and Sound" is absent. (Source: Wikipedia) Special 3-D animated short based on Kirby: Right Back at Ya! . It was released on the Wii channel in Japan. It features the never-before-seen monster named Lobzilla. Fire Kirby makes a special appearance, as does a new Kirby ability exclusive to the short called Kabuki. Seeing that Nightmare Enterprises is active and Dedede's transporter is operative, this episode may have taken place before episodes 96-100. (Source: Kirby Wikia) Death City is home to the famous Shibusen, a technical academy headed by the Shinigami–Lord Death himself. Its mission: to raise "Death Scythes" for the Shinigami to wield against the many evils of their fantastical world. These Death Scythes, however, are not made from physical weapons; rather, they are born from human hybrids who have the ability to transform their bodies into Demon Weapons, and only after they have consumed the souls of 99 evil beings and one witch's soul. Soul Eater Evans, a Demon Scythe who only seems to care about what's cool, aims to become a Death Scythe with the help of his straight-laced wielder, or meister, Maka Albarn. The contrasting duo work and study alongside the hot headed Black☆Star and his caring weapon Tsubaki, as well as the Shinigami's own son, Death the Kid, an obsessive-compulsive dual wielder of twin pistols Patty and Liz. Soul Eater follows these students of Shibusen as they take on missions to collect souls and protect the city from the world's threats while working together under the snickering sun to become sounder in mind, body, and soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A three part OVA of Utawarerumono. The animation work will be done by the same staff that did the opening of the game the show was based on. The story will cover parts that weren't shown in the anime series. (Source: Moon Phase) In a world resembling the middle-age. A girl, Riannon, is set to be sacrificed to appease a resurrected demon lord, Arawn. As her brother Arthur attempts to rescue her, Arawn defies those who resurrected him and frees Riannon from her captors, which leads to Riannon admiring him. This eventually leads to a party of companions being assembled for adventure, with Arawn acting as the leader. At the end of season 2. Yuuri defeats Shinou, but since Shinou had been defeated, Yuuri and Murata could no longer go to the Shin Makoku. However, because Yuuri had fought and defeated him, his powers had surpassed that of Shinou's, resulting in him being able to rely on his own power to return to Shin Makoku. After the ceremony at the age of 16, Yuuri slowly begins to discover that much has happened while he was away. The ten officials of the noble family have decided to make Wolfram the next Maou, but now that Yuuri has returned and taken back his role as Maou, complications arise when one noble disagrees with Yuuri returning to the throne. In addition, an ancient secret society that threatens the peace of both humans and Mazoku has risen, and a fight for the throne that now leaves the nobles wondering who is the legitimate Maou. 20 years after his escape from Impel Down, the legendary pirate Shiki "the Golden Lion" reappears causing massive upheaval to the Marines. During his long seclusion, he was able to come up with a scheme to bring the World Government to its knees. On his way to execute the plan, Shiki crosses paths with the Straw Hat Pirates and becomes so impressed with Nami's knowledge of meteorology that he abducts her to forcedly enlist her into his crew. Luffy and the gang end up on a strange land populated with monstrous beasts as they desperately search for Shiki and Nami. (Source: ANN) Clannad: After Story , the sequel to the critically acclaimed slice-of-life series Clannad , begins after Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa graduate from high school. Together, they experience the emotional rollercoaster of growing up. Unable to decide on a course for his future, Tomoya learns the value of a strong work ethic and discovers the strength of Nagisa's support. Through the couple's dedication and unity of purpose, they push forward to confront their personal problems, deepen their old relationships, and create new bonds. Time also moves on in the Illusionary World. As the plains grow cold with the approach of winter, the Illusionary Girl and the Garbage Doll are presented with a difficult situation that reveals the World's true purpose. Based on the visual novel by Key and produced by Kyoto Animation, Clannad: After Story is an impactful drama highlighting the importance of family and the struggles of adulthood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In a post-apocalyptic world overrun with mutated beasts called Limbeekoon or Filth Monsters, humanity is forced to live in large mobile cities called Regios and learn to use special weapons called Dite, by harnessing the power of Kei to defend themselves. In the Academy City of Zuellni, Layfon Alseif is hoping to start a new life and forget his past. However, his past has caught the attention of Karian Loss, the manipulative Student Council President and Nina Antalk, a Military Arts student and Captain of the 17th Military Arts Platoon, who instantly recognizes his abilities and decides he’s the perfect candidate to join her group. However, with a secret past that won’t leave him alone and unknown powers beyond normal, Layfon just might not take it. After the events of the Blue Dragon series, Shu and Bouquet join a resistance group to fight General Rogi's army of invasion.They encounter a mysterious child , Noi, who has the power to revive Shu's shadow counter-part Blue Dragon, and save her from the pursuit of a red dragon. Now Shu and his company have to set foot once again on a journey to discover the purpose of the dragons, undergo their tests and stop the chains of events which threatens the fate of humanity. (Source: ANN) In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN) The anime will follow the adventures of Baron, a man living on continent of Arad in the year 981 after "the cursed light of Kazan" has fallen across the land. Thanks to the curse, one of his arms has become possessed. After finding a sword that has been possessed by the spirit Roxy, he embarks on a quest to unravel the secret of the curse and meets various people who also join his party. (Source: ANN) In a land where a queen is chosen every few years solely by winning a tournament, there can be no short supply of formidable opponents. For one woman warrior however, an early defeat clearly shows her that she is lacking in experience though she may be bountiful in body. Fortunately, while defeat could spell one's doom, her life is saved by a powerful stranger. But unfortunately for this savior, less-than-pure motives and shrewd family members mean her reward is a prison cell. Her release is prompt when the unseasoned warrior she saved, tired of her current lifestyle of nobility, sets off to prove herself. (Source: Media Blasters) With broken spirits and enigmatic questions that hold no answers lingering, Jil is still trying to figure everything out. Then, a mysterious girl named Kai appears before him and says: "Take me to the top of the tower." Kai's request shrouded in ambiguity, Jil will have another chance to work towards completing his destiny and ascend the Tower. With his hopes and aspirations seemingly slipping out of his hands, Jil must rise to the challenge once again on this never-ending adventure. (Source: Crunchyroll) The world of Auldrant is bound by the Score, a series of prophecies from centuries past that dictate the world's future. It is considered an absolute fate that everyone lives by—even people whose actions lead to bloodshed and tears. Using magical abilities known as the Fonic Arts, a war between the nation of Kimlasca-Lanvaldear and the Malkuth Empire is waged in hopes of bringing the Score's foreseen utopia to life. Tales of the Abyss follows Luke von Fabre, who spends his days locked away in his manor after being kidnapped and losing memories as a child. One day, while honing his swordsmanship, a woman named Tear attempts to assassinate his master. Luke defends him, but the clash results in the two being teleported to a distant land. Luke and Tear’s journey back quickly escalates into a quest that will either free the world from the Score's chains or destroy it completely. Young Ciel Phantomhive is known as "the Queen's Guard Dog," taking care of the many unsettling events that occur in Victorian England for Her Majesty. Aided by Sebastian Michaelis, his loyal butler with seemingly inhuman abilities, Ciel uses whatever means necessary to get the job done. But is there more to this black-clad butler than meets the eye? In Ciel's past lies a secret tragedy that enveloped him in perennial darkness—during one of his bleakest moments, he formed a contract with Sebastian, a demon, bargaining his soul in exchange for vengeance upon those who wronged him. Today, not only is Sebastian one hell of a butler, but he is also the perfect servant to carry out his master's orders—all the while anticipating the delicious meal he will eventually make of Ciel's soul. As the two work to unravel the mystery behind Ciel's chain of misfortunes, a bond forms between them that neither heaven nor hell can tear apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tsubasa/xxxHOLiC Project A 4 part OVA released with the limited editions of the Tsubasa and xxxHOLiC volumes. There are two OVAs for each series, with plots linked together. They cover the Nihon Country Arc and scarcely some of the Celes Country Arc. (Source: Official Project Website) The ancient kingdom of Parros has been invaded by the armies of Mongaul, and its king and queen have been slain. But the "twin pearls of Parros," the princess Rinda and the prince Remus, escape using a strange device hidden in the palace. Lost in Roodwood, they are rescued from Mongaul soldiers by a strange leopard-headed man, who has no memories except for the words "Aurra" and "Guin," which he believes to be his name. (Source: ANN) Hobbies are often a great way of meeting new people, but how could Kakeru Diachi, who collects rare juice cans, have ever suspected that he'd meet a fascinating new girl when he attempted to DRINK her? Naming her Melon, because she's got great melon... soda, Kakeru quickly learns that she's an Akikan—a beautiful girl who's also a special can created to fight other Akikans in a strange experiment to determine what kind of container is better: steel or aluminum! Will becoming involved in this ridiculously twisted research project gone amuck complicate Kakeru's life incredibly? Of course it will, but because Melon's steel body needs carbon dioxide to breathe, he's now stuck with her since she's too CO2 dependent! And when his wealthy, attractive, best childhood friend Najimi gets HER own aluminum Akikan, the trouble really begins! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) "In order for something to be obtained, something of equal value must be lost." Alchemy is bound by this Law of Equivalent Exchange—something the young brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric only realize after attempting human transmutation: the one forbidden act of alchemy. They pay a terrible price for their transgression—Edward loses his left leg, Alphonse his physical body. It is only by the desperate sacrifice of Edward's right arm that he is able to affix Alphonse's soul to a suit of armor. Devastated and alone, it is the hope that they would both eventually return to their original bodies that gives Edward the inspiration to obtain metal limbs called "automail" and become a state alchemist, the Fullmetal Alchemist. Three years of searching later, the brothers seek the Philosopher's Stone, a mythical relic that allows an alchemist to overcome the Law of Equivalent Exchange. Even with military allies Colonel Roy Mustang, Lieutenant Riza Hawkeye, and Lieutenant Colonel Maes Hughes on their side, the brothers find themselves caught up in a nationwide conspiracy that leads them not only to the true nature of the elusive Philosopher's Stone, but their country's murky history as well. In between finding a serial killer and racing against time, Edward and Alphonse must ask themselves if what they are doing will make them human again... or take away their humanity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] To find a way in rescuing Pokota's country Taforashia which was sealed by Rezo, Lina and her group are in search for the Hellmaster's jar in what the Red Priest placed his soul after death. Zelgadis is willing to do anything to get the jar for changing back into a human while Zuuma is plotting on revenge and accomplishing assignment in killing Lina Inverse. Still a big mystery for her and the others is what Xellos is aiming for in this battle. (Source: ANN) As with its prequel, Zoku Natsume Yuujinchou is about Takashi Natsume, a boy who has had the ability to see youkai since he was young, and his bodyguard youkai Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei. Natsume attempts to return names written in his "Book of Friends" (which he inherited from his grandmother Reiko) to youkai in his village. Throughout these adventures, he meets some youkai that are friendly, some that want to steal the Book, and some that want to kill him, as Natsume learns about himself and his relationship with these mysterious beings along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVA of Koihime Musou in a school environment, where factions of 4 individuals fight off in school athletic events to obtain the positions of Student Council seats. Join Danma, Chouji and Dragonoid as they unite with the new Bakugan Resistance in an attempt to restore peace and freedom to their enslaved planet, New Vestroia. The newly-formed group of friends must battle the evil Vestals to free the captured Bakugan and destroy Vestal’s evil plans for domination. (Source: Nelvana) Kraft Lawrence, an experienced traveling merchant, and his sharp tongued wolf goddess companion, Holo, continue on their journey to return to Holo's home in the north called Yoitsu.  A tender relationship blossoms between the two as they make deals and travel between cities. Erin is a young girl who lives with her mother in a village which raises war-lizards, called Touda. We see her daily life, which changes as she grows up. Meanwhile, there is growing tension between the two provinces of the country she lives in. Based on the fantasy series written by Uehashi Nahoko, also known for Seirei no Moribito. The new series will again focus on Corticarte, but it will tie into Ichiro Sakaki and Noboru Kannatsuki's Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica crimson S light novel adaptation, which are set during the Academy years of the storyline. (Source: ANN) Barsburg Empire's Military Academy is known for training elites who bring victory to the empire. Students of the academy freely utilize an ability called "Zaiphon" to fight, while the types of Zaiphon usable depends on the nature of the soldier. Teito Klein, a student at the academy, is one of the most promising soldiers produced. Although ridiculed by everyone for being a sklave (German for slave) with no memories of his past, he is befriended by a fellow student called Mikage. While preparing for the final exam, Teito uncovers a dark secret related to his past. When an attempt to assassinate Ayanami, a high-ranking official who killed his father, fails, Teito is locked away awaiting punishment. Only wanting the best for Teito, Mikage helps him escape. Teito ends up at the 7th District Church where he is taken in by the bishops. It is here that Teito attempts to evade the grasp of Ayanami and the Military, so he can rediscover his memories and learn why he is the person that can change the fate of the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] To young Oz Vessalius, heir to the Vessalius Duke House, the perilous world called the Abyss is nothing more than a folktale used to scare misbehaving children. However, when Oz's coming-of-age ceremony is interrupted by the malicious Baskerville Clan intent on banishing him into the depths of the Abyss, the Vessalius heir realizes that his peaceful life of luxury is at its end. Now, he must confront the world of the Abyss and its dwellers, the monstrous "Chains," which are both not quite as fake as he once believed. Based on the supernatural fantasy manga of the same name, Pandora Hearts tells the story of fifteen-year-old Oz's journey to discover the meaning behind the strange events that have overtaken his life. Assisted by a mysterious Chain named Alice, whose nickname is "Bloodstained Black Rabbit," and members of a clandestine organization known as "Pandora," Oz begins to realize his existence may have more meaning than he could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sweet and naïve Hanato Kobato came to Earth on a mission to collect and fill a bottle with "konpeito," which appear after healing a person's heart that is suffering. Kobato collects these because it is her wish to go to a certain place. Despite her strangeness, Kobato turns out to be well-suited for this mission as her heartfelt sincerity in helping others earns her the love and admiration of everyone she meets. However, she is not allowed to fall in love with anyone whose heart she heals. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Love Momozono is a 14-year-old student at Yotsuba Junior Highschool that tends to care more for others than for herself. One day she visits a show of the famous dance unit "Trinity" and decides to become a dancer, too. On the same event, subordinates of the Labyrinth Kingdom show up who want to collect the unhappiness of the audience. Love gets the power to change into Cure Peach and fights them. Soon after, she is joined by her good friends Miki, who is Cure Berry, and Inori, who becomes Cure Pine. (Source: ANN) To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the flow of energy of everything, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the normal world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world. (Source: ANN) Love, Miki and Inori are on their way to a dance contest, but get lost on their way to Minato Mirai. Still looking for their way, they are attacked by a monster. When the three Fresh Precure girls start to fight it, other Precures show up to support them. They all have to combine their powers to win against this mighty enemy. Mysteriously teleported from Earth, Kenshi Masaki finds himself ensnared by a mysterious organization in a world called Geminar, where male mecha pilots are extremely rare. With the promise of returning home, the 15 year-old agrees to pilot a mecha suit called a Sacred Mechanoid and assassinate the ruler of the Shtrayu Empire, Lashara Earth XVIII. However, things do not go according to plan, and Kenshi finds himself prisoner and an object of scrutiny by Lashara and her shipmates. After learning of Kenshi’s plight, Lashara offers him the chance to redeem himself by entering her employ. He will act as her servant, practically a slave, but also have a chance to once more pilot a mecha suit. Kenshi is willing to endure Geminar’s eccentricities if it means he may return home, but will he ever be able to do so? And what of this mysterious organization that brought him to Geminar to try to kill Lashara? Sequel to Onegai My Melody Sukkiri. Once upon a time, there was a tragic war, in which the power of the devils was involved. After the war, the devils' power was banned and the world was restored to peace. Cecily Campbell is a knight, who has been looking for a blacksmith to repair her old sword given by her father. One day, she saw a man fighting with a ruffian who used the tabooed devil's power. The man defeated him with one blow of his weirdly shaped sword. The man turned out to be a blacksmith called Luke. The fateful encounter was the beginning of the adventure. Your favourite teddy bear. That model kit that took so long to complete. The picture book you used to read over and over again. The shining stone you found that day in the park. Where do all your childhood's treasures go when you grow up? In this story, we meet fantastic creatures that gather all these little objects that fall into oblivion as they are forgotten by their owners when they step into adulthood. These creatures sneak into our world from a different dimension, and unseen by humans, they take all the ditched and forgotten "treasures" into their world. Here, they use their booty to build their own city, a fairy tale-like place called... Oblivion Island! (Source: Production I.G) Holo, Lawrence, and Nora sit down to have dinner together, but Holo's dislike for Nora prevents her from enjoying the dinner. However, Holo falls ill due to fatigue and is forced to rest for a few days. She dreams and reminisces about her past and her journey so far with Lawrence, realising her affection for him is intensifying. Lawrence treats Holo's fever and fatigue by feeding her and balancing the four states, the Hot, Cold, Dry, and Wet. Over the course of her sickness, Holo grows closer to Lawrence, but her aversion to Nora continues to cause problems. When Nora visits her, she is finally able to get along with Nora after they share a joke. (Source: Wikipedia) When what looks to be a cluster of shooting stars appear in the sky, Rinko Kougyoku and her friend Minami each make a wish. What the girls truly saw were not stars, but 'Jewel Charms' falling to the Earth. These charms were created by three magicians in a magical world names Jewel Land, each housing one of its many native Jewelpets. Although these creatures are free to roam the world in their original form, the magicians sometimes turn them into charms so that they can be carried around with great ease. Most Jewelpets don't find this troublesome, but once a mischievous bunny by the name of Ruby feels overly claustrophobic, she devises her escape. One day, the magicians decide to move the Jewelpets, and task a pelican with delivering them to the Dream Forest. All is well until a strong gust of wind disorients the bird, who then drops all of the charms that he was carrying. Instead of heading towards the Dream Forest, all the Jewelpets but Ruby fall to Rinko’s home city on Earth. Someone must go and retrieve them all, and as Ruby was the worst-behaved of the bunch, she is given the task of going to Earth. When Ruby reaches Earth in the form of a red Jewel Charm, she falls into Rinko’s water glass, and thus begins a rather unexpected adventure. Rinko, Minami, and Ruby form an alliance to search and gather all of the fallen charms, encountering strange creatures and tons of helpful allies along the way. Will they be able to succesfully bring the Jewelpets home safely, or is Earth full of more danger than they had expected? Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai , a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced. Ten years after the Great War against the demon-beasts, the empire rules over the world and prosperity relies on the massive use of aer. Yuri Lowell and Flynn Scifo are two young men who have just enrolled the ranks of the prestigious Imperial Knights. One day, they are sent to the town of Ceazontania, where abnormal aer activity has reportedly caused the proliferation of horribly mutated beasts, with serious threat for the whole region. Meanwhile, the Knights Supreme Commander Alexei Denoia and the naive Princess Estellise are involved in a behind-the-curtains struggle for power in the capital. The situation in Ceazontania deteriorates as the garrison of Imperial Knights finds that they cannot expect any immediate support from the capital. Then, Niren Fedrok, commander of the Imperial Knights in Ceazontania, takes an unexpected decision that is going to change Yuri and Flynn's destiny forever. What are the secrets behind the extraordinary events that are happening around Yuri and Flynn? Will they be able to defend the innocent people of Ceazontania and stay true to their beliefs? (Source: Funimation) Kanuu and Chouhi's group rescue a mysterious girl, who is actually the real Ryuubi, her name and heirloom sword stolen after the events of the last season. The group sets off to recover Ryuubi's sword. At the same time, a group of street performers, the three Chou Sisters, are given a mysterious magic book that may be more trouble than they think....The franchise re-imagines the classic Chinese historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms (Sangokushi) as a "moe (fiery), moe (preciously cute) action love comedy" with an almost all-female cast. (Source: ANN) Marin and her sister Urin live in the sea. One day they find a ring fallen into the sea. They get out of the sea and meet a girl Kanon, the owner of the ring. Kanon tells them she doesn't want the ring anymore because it was given by her boyfriend whom she just broke up with, and she throws it into the forest. Marin thinks Kanon is still in love with him and looks for the ring with her sister. But Urin accidentally breaks a seal near a shrine... Final Fantasy VII spinoff novel On the Way to a Smile Episode: Denzel will be adapted into an anime for the Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Complete release on April 16. The anime will ship as an extra supplement on Advent Children's Blu-ray Disc releases. The Denzel part of On the Way to a Smile story begins as the character Denzel aims to enlist in the World Regenesis Organization (WRO) and "leaps" back into Denzel's past. (Source: ANN) A recap episode of the first half of Kuroshituji told by Tanaka-san, aka episode 13.5. Including this recap episode, the series is 25 episodes long. A movie finale to Munto, a director's cut of the climactic scenes with new footage. Many millennia ago, a meteor from space which threatened to destroy the world was stopped by Arceus who intervened to protect the world. While attempting to protect the world, Arceus was badly injured and Damos (ダモス) took care of it. As gratidude, Arceus promised to help make the desolate land of Michīna rich and prosperous so it gave Damos the Jewel of Life (命の宝玉). Arceus let Damos borrow 16 parts of its body to create the Jewel of Life which were to be returned to it on a specific date. Arceus was betrayed when it was not returned and it vowed to judge humans when it awakens. Many millennia after these events, Satoshi, Hikari and Takeshi arrive in the riverside town of Michīna (ミチーナ) which is surrounded by nature's beauty. They decide to go the ruins of Michīna which are at the summit of a large rock. There is a large and beautiful lake at its shores and Satoshi and friends are fascinated by the lake, but suddenly, waves begin to form in the lake and tornado of water begins to wreak havoc. A descendant of Damos, a girl called Sheena, runs out from the ruins of Michīna. Sheena saw what was happening and she summoned Dialga and she says "Dialga, please!" and Dialga manages to stop the tornado. Satoshi and his friends finally get to see the ruins and Kevin and Sheena tell the old legend of Michīna to Satoshi and his friends. Moments after they explain the legend, the fighting between Dialga, Palkia and Giratina becomes fierce and the ruins of Michīna are destroyed. Arceus is awoken... Source: pocketmonsters The Pokédans team's adventure begins one day when a boy, who has transformed from a human into a Pocchama (Piplup) creature in the world where Pokémon live, meets a Hikozaru (Chimchar) creature. The team joins a Juptile (Grovyle) and go to the "Lost Continent" to save the world with the "Time Gears." (Source: ANN) Five of the Chuo train stations have been turned into the proud leader Zero Tokyo (Hiroyuki Yoshino,) the girl-wooing Rintarou Shinjuku (Ryotaro Okiayu,) the ramen-loving otaku Riku Nakano (Hiroshi Kamiya,) the charming yet acerbic Takuto Kichijouji (Miyu Irino,) and the gentle yet risk-taking Lune Tachikawa (Kouki Miyata.) The anime version will be the first anime based on a title from Yomban, Bandai Visual's original content website.  This is the 1 min introduction.  The main thing is the drama CD called  "Special Seat e Youkoso!" (ドラマCD 「スペシャルシートへようこそ」) Amazing secrets and startling facts are exposed for the first time in the Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood OVA Collection, a new assortment of stories set in never-before-seen corners of the FMA universe. Join Ed and Al as they chase rumors of successful human transmutation into a web of shocking family drama and lies. Sneak a glance at hidden sides of Winry and Hawkeye's personalities. Survive the frigid north with a young Izumi Curtis as she fights to gain a deeper understanding of alchemy. Explore the legendary friendship shared by Mustang and Hughes and watch them grow from military school rivals into hardened brothers transformed by the horrors of the Ishvalan War. You thought you knew the whole story. You thought all the tales were told. The Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood OVA Collection offers proof: You were wrong. (Source: FUNimation) 1. Fullmetal Alchemist: The Blind Alchemist (Moumoku no Renkinjutsushi) Based on a side story of the Fullmetal Alchemist manga published in the Fullmetal Alchemist Perfect Guidebook (2003). It's about a blind alchemist named Jude, who serves the Humbergang family. He once violated the taboo of Alchemy. 2. Fullmetal Alchemist: Simple People (Shinpuru na Hitobito) A story about Riza (why she let her hair grow longer) and Winry (why she had her ears pierced and how she got her earrings). 3. Fullmetal Alchemist: The Tale of Teacher Based on a side story of the Fullmetal Alchemist manga, the third OVA is about Edward and Alphonse's teacher, Izumi Curtis. The story is compiled of two parts. The first part shows how Izumi (then 18 years old) survived in Mt. Briggs to become an apprentice of a renowned alchemist. The second part shows how Izumi and Sig met and their love at first sight. 4. Yet Another Man's Battlefield The story centres around Roy, aged 18, in a military boot camp, how he met an Ishbalan recruit named Heathcliffe Arbor, how he became a friendly rival to Hughes. With his mother taken away from him and having lost everything, Lag Seeing is now a letter whose delivery has been assigned to Gauche Suede, a Letter Bee. Despite their troubling start, the two of them become friends, leading Lag to realize what his aim in life is: to deliver people's most important feelings in the form of letters, just as Gauche has done. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After resolving the problems in the Labyrinth Kingdom, Love Momozono and her friends live a happy life and continue their dance training. Suddenly, the town children's toys start to go missing and the girls agree to help find them. Love Momozono's stuffed rabbit then comes to life and tells the Cures that the Toymajin is responsible. The Fresh Pretty Cure cast then travel to the Kingdom of Toys to save the day! (Source: bakabt) Summer! Everyone is full of energy today. Pikachu and friends play with their beach ball! Pikachu and Pochama are chasing and diving in a river when they drift over and see a metropolis. "Where are we?" they said, searching from the rooftops of the buildings. Suddenly, with a bang, jagged-eared Pichu and Muchul collide. The two argue in an angry mood. "Sparkling is gone! It was the present to give to Kireihana..." Besides, today is her birthday!? This is troublesome! We must hurry and search. Moreover, Nyarth-tachi are aiming too! Thus, the Great Sparkling Search begins! (Source: Pocketmonsters) Find out what happens when Yuji accidentally triggers a found Treasure Tool while it's pointed at Shana! Then, Yuji teams up with Wilhelmina to stalk their fiery friend—whose secrecy has become unsettling. Finally, in a two-part special, Shana tracks a Denizen's trail by sorting through a Torch's memories for clues. Her sleuth skills reveal a teenage girl's heartwarming last days and a predator with a serious identity crisis! (Source: FUNimation) Dark existences were secretly invading Tokyo, the diabolic city. Behind the success of ninjas of justice called Taimanin, the darkness starts the action... Hell knight Ingrid revealed the betrayal of a diabolic doctor, Sabato Kiryuu, who has belonged to a group of darkness, Kanomado. She follows after him who managed to escape from the spot. However, she gets the counterattack from Kiryuu in a certain hideous church and becomes captive. With vengeance, Kiryuu tries to destroy Ingrid's noble soul and decoy her boss, Edwin Black the vampire, into coming to save her. He encourages a group of monsters who have the desire for revenge against Ingrid to disgrace her body... (Source: DLsite) 6 years after she was swallowed by the Panda Geant, Aya is once again taken into the Multicolor Monogram world and even travels back in time to Paris, 1897 where she meets the young Gaston-Louis Vuitton, both fallen head over heels with each other. What will happen to their young love? After experiencing the numerous trials encountered on her journey, Reina has grown as a warrior. Determined to take part in the Queen's Blade tournament, she arrives at the capital city Gainos, where Queen Aldora awaits. There gathers a number of beautiful warriors who, like Reina, are there for the Queen's Blade. Amongst them is Reina's sister, Claudette, determined to restore the glory of House Vance; Tomoe and Shizuka, who are both fighting for their homeland of Hinomoto; Nanael who has been ordered to participate by the Archangel; and the subordinates of the Marshland Witch. All these beautiful fighters who gather in Gainos have been one objective, to win through the Queen's Blade, the tournament to select the strongest, most beautiful queen. Who would ascend to that glorious throne? That can only be determined via battle. (Source: AnimeNfo) A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. Bonus specials released together with the OVA. In a world where dead people turn into books and are stored in the Bantorra Library where anyone who reads a book can learn their past, Bantorra Library is maintained by Armed Librarians who wield psychic powers and their enemy is a religious society known as Sindeki Kyoudan. Inuyasha, Kagome, Miroku, Sango, Shippou and their neko-mata friend Kirara, are now in the final leg of their quest to put an end to the elusive demon, Naraku and all of the chaos and evil he has caused, and to ultimately undo the unfortunate karma of the Jewel of Four Souls. Their journey, however, will not be easy as their remaining enemies put out all the stops to make sure that they do not accomplish their goal. This TV Anime depicts Volumes 36-56 (end) of the Inuyasha manga. The story continues from the last moment seen in Inuyasha's original anime. Inuyasha, Kagome, Sango, Miroku and Shippou are now in the definitive quest to beat Naraku and the evil he has created and absorbed, they don't lose hope since their future depends on it, but the path isn't easy nor short so they will go through life threatening situations and must put their friendship and love on the line with wisdom to know who their friends and foes are to succeed. (Source: ANN) In this story, the kids are constantly forced to bury themselves into their endless homework by those giant monsters behind them. The children's brains are filled with water that can be heated by tension. If a kid is overstressed, the water in their brain would boil and produce steam, which becomes the food of the greedy monsters and the energy of the whole city. Thus, those poor children repeat their lives day after day, serving as the powerplant of their world, spending their childhood in tragic misery... Extra short anime featuring Holo from BD volumes 1 and 2. While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like there would be an earthquake in his room. A little rabbit from an alternate universe named Chamii opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer and gets inside Nobita's room through the floor. Nobita waks up and Doraemon hears somebody steals food from the fridge in the kitchen. It is Chamii, who gets caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see the Koya Koya Planet. they meet a boy named Roppuru... Another version of Miracle Train: Chuo-sen e Youkoso. The first version of the Miracle Train project focused on the stations of the central Chuo line, while the new anime and related stories deal with the Oedo subway line. As a result, the anime will feature a newer cast of characters—specifically, Fumi Roppongi, Rintarou Shinjuku, Izayoi Tsukishima, Iku Shiodome, Saki Tochou, and Itsumi Ryougoku. Naoto lives a peaceful life after he saved Rika. But one day, the Misty May suddenly appears and Hikari is abducted by her. They are depressed because they can do nothing.... When he has a bath at night, a girl, Nagi, suddenly appears in front of him. Actually, Nagi is an android. One the next day, the Misty May appears again. Rika has a battle against her and Naoto makes up his mind to have sex with Nagi to save Rika...? (Source: Himeya Shop) Koko is a little girl who always wears the penguin coat her deceased father gave her. She believes that she can fly like her father told her and is often teased by the other children. One night Koko follows a strange cat and finds herself in the land of the goblins. The mystical land is in danger for the old enemy is gathering his forces. Will Koko be able to save her new friends? Komaneko is a female kitten who lives with her grandfather in their mountain home, where Komaneko loves to make handicraft. Komaneko is looking forward to Christmas when she can see her papa and mama, and an early present arrives at her home. The present is a cute doll, but included with the doll is a letter, "We can't be home for Christmas." Despondent but determined, Komaneko and her friend, Rajiboo set off on an adventure together. (Source: ANN) Short episode bundled with the limited edition release of "Bungaku Shoujo" Minarai no, Shoushin . The silent scandal of a utility pole, secretly lighting the outskirts of the city. The story is set during the nostalgic time before cellular phones in Japan, and tells the love story of a human and a utility pole. Elemi the power pole becomes infatuated with electrician Mr.Takahashi. Pretending she is human, she decides to ring him. But this contact is forbidden in the law of power poles. Eventually, rumors spread all over town and Elemi is summoned to court. In the city of Salta, a place where the sun never shines, a community of vampires lives. Hipira is a little vampire who lives the life of a typical boy, attending school and dealing with bullies along the way. However, he also has a soft spot for exploring, playing pranks on others and having grand adventures! Whether he's befriending a human soul, scaring his neighbours by pretending day has come or encountering giant frogs and aliens, Hipira is always getting himself into and out of trouble. Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. Short specials from the DVDs/BDs. An unprecedented media show is on air at a TV broadcasting studio. The show is asking people whether a spider that drove an assemblyman crazy should be publicly executed or not. The spider in question is Je Bul-chal(meaning 'my mistake'), a hardworking young individual who became 'an ear cleaner' because of a precious memory he holds concerning his sister. In order to take a poll about his execution, the story of how Mr. Sorry became a spider is gradually revealed. (Source: Official website) Animated 3D movie based on a bestseller picture book by Agawa Hiroyuki, illustrated by Okabe Fuyuhiko and published in 1959 by Iwanami Shoten Publishing. Remake of Dragon Ball Z: Plan to Destroy the Saiyajin. Extra on Dragonball Raging Blast 2 game on X360/PS3. Mini Flash anime from the limited-edition DVDs volumes (episodes 1-6) and Blu-ray Box (episodes 1-8, of which 7 and 8 were new additions to the Blu-ray box). Mahou Sensei Negima! Mou Hitotsu no Sekai extra episode featuring Yue. The Divine Warriors were defeated by the Darkness and vanished far into the space-time. In the world in chaos, a samurai ZAN realizes his mission and travels beyond the space-time to gather the scattered warriors. In order to beat the corps of the Darkness, ZAN tries to acquire the Dark Power... Note: While a minute long trailer was released, the feature length film was never produced. Ghost Messengers are super-power agents from the underground world called the World of Death. The World of Death is a digitalized world with cutting-edge technologies that control and manage the life and death of all living things based on its elaborate systems. Our Ghost Messenger hero, Kang-lim, has been dispatched to the human world to capture the remaining ghosts who are refusing to go to the World of Death although it is their time. An accident occurs during his mission and Kang-lim gets captured in his own mobile phone. Little Kang-lim, a human boy who has extraordinary spiritual powers, finds the mobile phone and takes GhostMessenger Kang-lim out from the mobile phone. And the adventure begins. (Source: Anime World Network) While being let out to play by their trainers, Pikachu and Piplup wind up separated from their Pokémon friends and wind up travelling with a Skitty into a strange dimension, unknowingly followed by Croagunk, Team Rocket's Pokémon and a Marill that's desperate to have someone hear her sing... (Source: Bulbapedia) A special included in the DVD of Shin Koihime†Musou OVA and the BD-BOX of Shin Koihime†Musou. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Can you share the yearning for space? An astronomy boy has grown up into an artist painting the universe, the world of Greek myths including the zodiac, and a variety of scenes with starry sky. The fulldome screen projects his fantastic CG movies. You will also see a live-action movie of the total solar eclipse in 2003 which was observed for the first time in human history in Antarctica. Receive a message from the artist, KAGAYA - "Enjoy science and art." "Chase your dreams!" (Source: KAGAYA Studio) More short stories featuring Zocco and Minime. The series received the first airing starting November 10, 2010. On June 10, 2013 five episodes were released on YouTube. The phone-only episodes 11 & 12 of Hipira-kun.  What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door. Mix Masters Final Force is the second season of the original mix masters show. In this story, Ditt forgets that he was a mix master. But when the time comes to save the world once again, he finds new friends to help him in his battle against Eva and Babel, the two new antagonists. (Source: Wikipedia) In 2050, the world's climate has changed for the worse. One rainy day, Tamala saves a honeybee named Kuronosuke from drowning in a gutter. As the last bee of the cat world, he invites Tamala on a magical journey back in time—back to our near future. With Tamala's era quickly approaching, civilization has begun to waste and destroy the nature that lie around them. Roving around a land where all other animals are extinct, she finally begins to starve.. Until Kuronosuke offers himself as food. (Source: Official site, edited) Short animation by Rapparu. "In order for something to be obtained, something of equal value must be lost." Alchemy is bound by this Law of Equivalent Exchange—something the young brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric only realize after attempting human transmutation: the one forbidden act of alchemy. They pay a terrible price for their transgression—Edward loses his left leg, Alphonse his physical body. It is only by the desperate sacrifice of Edward's right arm that he is able to affix Alphonse's soul to a suit of armor. Devastated and alone, it is the hope that they would both eventually return to their original bodies that gives Edward the inspiration to obtain metal limbs called "automail" and become a state alchemist, the Fullmetal Alchemist. Three years of searching later, the brothers seek the Philosopher's Stone, a mythical relic that allows an alchemist to overcome the Law of Equivalent Exchange. Even with military allies Colonel Roy Mustang, Lieutenant Riza Hawkeye, and Lieutenant Colonel Maes Hughes on their side, the brothers find themselves caught up in a nationwide conspiracy that leads them not only to the true nature of the elusive Philosopher's Stone, but their country's murky history as well. In between finding a serial killer and racing against time, Edward and Alphonse must ask themselves if what they are doing will make them human again... or take away their humanity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second arc of Tales of Symphonia that takes place in the flourishing world of Tethe'alla. This OVA takes place up to two-thirds of the game, prior to the Derris-Kharlan arc. Join Danma, Chouji and Dragonoid as they unite with the new Bakugan Resistance in an attempt to restore peace and freedom to their enslaved planet, New Vestroia. The newly-formed group of friends must battle the evil Vestals to free the captured Bakugan and destroy Vestal’s evil plans for domination. (Source: Nelvana) Sweet and naïve Hanato Kobato came to Earth on a mission to collect and fill a bottle with "konpeito," which appear after healing a person's heart that is suffering. Kobato collects these because it is her wish to go to a certain place. Despite her strangeness, Kobato turns out to be well-suited for this mission as her heartfelt sincerity in helping others earns her the love and admiration of everyone she meets. However, she is not allowed to fall in love with anyone whose heart she heals. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai , a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced. This bold account follows the brave exploits of Sergeant "Packy" Perkins and his unit... of rabbits! Join Packy and Private "Bota" Botasky as they resolve an Iranian hostage crisis. Watch these commando-style bunnies through an anthropomorphic lens as events unfold and violence erupts. Note: This anime has been provisionally set to "Finished Airing" due to lack of official information regarding future installments. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The stage of Kuroshitsuji II opens on the life of Alois Trancy, the young heir to the Trancy earldom. Though he is privileged now, such was not always the case for the hot-tempered boy. Kidnapped and forced into slavery at a young age, he was eventually rescued and returned home, only to have his beloved father pass away soon after. However, there are certain individuals who doubt Alois' story and legitimacy. And rightfully so, because things in the Trancy household are not as they appear, starting with Alois' black-clad butler with supernatural abilities, Claude Faustus. Who exactly is the mysterious Claude, and what connection does he have with Alois? Amid the web of lies and deceit running rampant in the mansion, the bond between Alois and Claude will be tested as hell itself arrives at their doorstep. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war between the Kingdom of Krisna and the nation of Athens is brimming. The people of this land are able to use quartz for whatever purpose they desire. Yet one person, Rygart Arrow, is not. He is an "un-sorcerer," a person unable to use quartz. But this characteristic will enable him to pilot an ancient Golem, one strong enough to put up a fight against the invading army of Athens. Unidentified creatures "Archon" suddenly appear and bring the human beings to a crisis of extinction. A special corps "Goulart Knights" is formed to counter attack Archon. The knights have supernatural power to generate "Holy Grail" from their spirits and battle against Archon. An extra episode of Umi Monogatari: Anata ga Itekureta Koto. One year after the events of the main series, the girls have moved on. Kanon has decided on her future occupation and wants to go into oceanography. Meanwhile in the sea, Marin and her group find a lost sea cow separated from its mother. Can the girls help reunite the baby sea cow with her mother? This is the adaptation of the second route of the popular visual novel: Fate/stay night . In this route, Rin Toosaka will be the major female character. Revelations about Shirou and his destiny will be made. (Source: AnimeNfo) The story takes place in a trading city Ert'Aria. Leicester Maycraft is an item engineer belonging to an adventurer guild "Oasis." One night, he is at a party with his friends to see a meteor stream on the rooftop of a chapel. One meteor grazes them and hits the steeple of the chapel. There he finds a secret room and a sleeping girl. The girl wakes up and says "You must be my father!" The encounter with the mysterious girl brings an unexpected adventure to Leicester. Nobita asks Doraemon to take him somewhere they can dive and as a result the robot-cat uses several gadgets to make it possible for both to able to swim on an imaginary ocean above sea level. Inadvertently a mermaid ends up on Nobita's backyard when they turn off the illusion. Her name is Sophia and she is a princess of an ancient underwater civilization. Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Jyaian, and Suneo quickly become her friends and are invited to visit her homeland. While heading towards the underwater kingdom they find themselves amid a conflict between the mermaids and an opposing tribe that has driven them away from their home planet thousands of years ago. Doraemon, Nobita, and their friends must then aid Sophia find a legendary sword that might bring peace once again to the seas. (Source: ANN) Sakurai Yuki is an orphan with a mysterious ability. Found near the fence of his current home, the Asahi Orphanage, Yuki strives for independence. The last thing he wants is to be a burden to anybody. However, his ability makes this nearly impossible; whenever he touches someone, he feels their emotions and see the darkness within their hearts and what caused such darkness. Unable to control his ability, Yuki has often made insensitive blunders while trying to empathize with the person he feels pain for. Now, however, with death threats clouding his judgement and his ability increasing immensely, what will happen when a man claiming to be Yuki's older brother appears? After enrolling at the Constant Magic Academy, Akuto Sai discovers he's not just a gifted student with magical powers; he's destined to become the Demon King. And though he's not that crazy about the idea, it drives the girls wild! From the sexy school girls in his class to the skin-obsessed android who's programmed to seduce him, Akuto has no shortage of wacky girl trouble. How much temptation can a demon king take? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The war between the Heike clan and the Genji clan continues. This time, Nozomi has to fight a powerful supernatural enemy and make a choice: protect her friends and stay by Kurou's side, or choose her first love, Masaomi, which is the leader of the Heike, and her enemy. Dan, Marucho, and Shun get caught up in a war between two different alien factions in another universe, and teaming up with three new brawlers: the Neathian, Fabia, the new human, Jake, and the Gundalian, Ren, in order to stop the evil Gundalian Protectors, the Twelve Orders from destroying Neathia, and possibly, Earth. They meet these people by them entering through the virtual reality Bakugan Interspace. The stakes are high! Will the Battle Brawlers triumph, saving the Bakugan once more? (Source: Bakugan Wikia) Following the destruction of the magical floating device from OVA 1, the Magic Academy falls to earth, but unfortunately lands on and breaks a demon seal, releasing hundreds of ancient demons into the forest around the academy. The teachers are barely keeping the demons away and are desperately searching for the pieces of the floating device, so to earn more magic stones, all of the students from Amelia's class decide to leave the academy (even though they were told not to) to find the missing pieces. (Source: ANN) An edited and condensed version of the TV series. 2nd year middle school student Tsubomi Hanasaki has just moved with her family to the town of Kibougahana to live with her grandma. She is shy and introverted, but is determined to start off her new school life at Myoudou Academy as confidently as possible. Lately she has been having the same mysterious dream again and again, of Cure Moonlight's defeat at the Great Heart Tree. She wonders what it all means. Then suddenly, two fairies from the dream appear to her, and before she knows it, she is transformed into the legendary Pretty Cure, Cure Blossom! Later joined by her high energy classmate and new friend Erika Kurumi as Cure Marine, the two girls vow work hard to protect everyone's Heart Flowers from the evil gang, The Desert Messengers. The Fury of Zoroark Has Been Unleashed! The Pokémon Baccer World Cup. It is the most anticipated event of the year, and as hundreds flock to Crown City to watch the exciting competition unfold, Ash, Pikachu, and his friends encounter a mysterious new Pokémon they have never seen before. But when the three Legendary Pokémon Raikou, Entei, and Suicune suddenly arrive and begin rampaging through the streets, it’s up to Ash and his companions, along with their new Pokémon friend Zorua, to uncover the secret behind the immense and powerful forces at work. What strange and dangerous powers are afoot in Crown City? Why did Celebi suddenly return after vanishing for twenty years? And why is the mighty Zoroark unleashing its fury upon the town? The quest for these answers leads down an uncertain path filled with peril—can Ash and his companions find enough courage, strength, and friendship to unearth the mystery in time to save Crown City? (Source: Pokemon.com) The world can be a very scary place when you’re small. For Arrietty, though, the only real fear in life is in missing out on a big adventure. 14-year-old Arrietty and her parents live in the small spaces of a human garden. They are what some might call “borrowers”; they take items from the human world to eke out a living amidst the shadows. Their existence goes mostly undiscovered until the arrival of 12-year-old Shou. When Shou begins to noticesmall things going missing, he becomes suspicious. He soon meets Arrietty and strikes up a friendship that neither of them could have seen coming. However, this is a friendship fraught with danger due to the obvious risk of Arrietty and her family’s discovery, something that could send the borrowers right into the hands of those that would do them harm. In Karigurashi no Arrietty , Studio Ghibli presents audiences with a beautiful look at the human world... from a much smaller perspective. The story takes place at St. Francesca Academy. After the battle between the students ended, they all go to a southern island. Summarized version of the 50-episode TV series. Includes all the highlights. The third season of Koihime Musou. Han's high court general Kashin (何進) was forced to swallow a cursed pill from Chou Jou. The effect is slowly turning her into a cat, which she dislikes. Chou Jou also made use of the emperor's name to dispose her from the Han court as a traitor. She met Kada during her escape while Kada brought her to the Touka village, whom he believes they would help her. More than twenty years ago, an evil summoner committed "Great Summon". One third of human beings were killed, and devils and monsters invaded the Earth. One day, a painter, Tamura Fukutaro, moves into an apartment house called "Ashiaraiyashiki" and gets involved in the troubles of his non-human neighbors. It's the beginning of a severe battle among gods, devils and the ruler "The Central". "Alpha Stigma" are known to be eyes that can analyze all types of magic. However, they are more infamously known as cursed eyes that can only bring destruction and death to others. Ryner Lute, a talented mage and also an Alpha Stigma bearer, was once a student of the Roland Empire's Magician Academy, an elite school dedicated to training magicians for military purposes. However, after many of his classmates died in a war, he makes an oath to make the nation a more orderly and peaceful place, with fellow survivor and best friend, Sion Astal. Now that Sion is the the king of Roland, he orders Ryner to search for useful relics that will aid the nation. Together with Ferris Eris, a beautiful and highly skilled swordswoman, Ryner goes on a journey to search for relics of legendary heroes from the past, and also uncover the secrets behind his cursed eyes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A tiny mountain village in a remote woodland region. Five primary school kids have come together in this idyllic spot in order to spend their summer holidays at a camp. At first the children enjoy carefree days amidst unspoiled nature far away from adult supervision. But their life changes dramatically when they come across what they believe to be a small dog, badly in need of help. The creature – known as Pochi – turns out not to be a dog at all but an alien on an important mission. It seems there is a mysterious substance on earth that is coveted throughout the universe. Pochi had almost found it but was so badly injured during a fight that he had to give up his search. Thanks to the children's help, the alien survives – and decides to reward them generously. “Where would you most like to travel?” is the question Pochi puts to his rescuers. Their answer is prompt, if vague: “As far as possible!” Pochi suggests they try the moon first of all, and so, the alien whisks away the kids to the satellite next door. This marks the beginning of an absolutely amazing adventure. During the course of their travels they discover that the substance coveted throughout the universe is in fact also integral to Japanese cuisine – and it just so happens that one of the kids has some of this mysterious substance in his pocket. (Source: Berlinale.de) Tsubomi Hanasaki is woken by her best friend Erika Kurumi only to find out that their two fairies, Coffret and Shypre, have left just leaving a note explaining where to find them. Fairy Park is not only the destination of both girls, it is also the meeting point of all other Precures who planned to spend this special day together. This magical theme park holds the Rainbow Jewel, a special gem that represents all of the hopes and dreams of the world. Such a powerful stone is the object of desire of a malefic entity named Bottom who has waited one thousand years for the opportunity to possess it. A recap OVA summarizing the ten-year TV series up to the Impel Down arc. In Jewel Land, Jewelpets, creatures who has the natural ability to use magic lived in harmony with the Witches, attending the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn to use magic with their Jewel Eyes. However for Ruby, a white Japanese Hare whose magic sometimes fail, is appointed to go to the Human World to search for her partner. But when she used the card the magicians gave her, she was sent to the Human World by accident. In the Human World, A girl named Akari Sakura met her on the beach on her way to school. At first, Akari can't understand her due to her Jewel Land Language until Ruby took a special candy so she could speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knew about her problems and later apologized. A Jewel Charm appeared on Akari's hand and she realized it that she's chosen by Ruby to be her partner. After that, she decided to enter the Jewel Star Grand Prix, on the prize is that any wish that they wanted will be granted. Will she be the Next Jewel Star and her wish be granted in the end? Or It'll just end in one big disaster... (Source: Wikipedia) An anime movie based on Mizuki Shigeru's manga Mizuki Shigeru no Toono Monogatari .  Toono Monogatari was originally the Japanese folklorist Yanagida Kunio's classical literature based on the oral traditions of Toono city. It's about Yokai such as Tengu, Kappa, and Zashikiwarashi. After Niche carries the wounded and stunned Lag back to the Bee Hive, the Letter Bee finally begins to piece the puzzle together. Now he knows what's happened to Gauche, why the Marauders are so focused on stealing mail and the actual intent of the group controlling both, Reverse. However, when he's forbidden to reveal the truth, Lag is soon forced out of the artificial sunlight and back into the world of perpetual night. And soon Reverse's plot to take down the Letter Bees and overthrow the Amberground government begins to accelerate. If things weren't already bad enough, the giant insect creatures called gaichuu are apparently evolving into something new; there may be traitors working within the Hive; and Niche's sister, who's definitely not human friendly, shows up to turn family drama into a full-scale siege! It all spells serious trouble for the Letter Bees, but if anyone can weather the storms and gloom of night, Lag and his team are the ones who'll deliver. (Source: FUNimation) The story is set during the turbulent years of the shogunate, as dark forces try to undermine the shogun's power in Edo-era Tokyo. Shirou Sumiya is the leader of the "Way of the Paper Drawing" clan which captures the chaos of the struggles with rapid brush strokes. Sumiya is summoned to Edo, and his disciples, who have extraordinary powers in their secret drawing techniques, become part of the ensuring battles with giant drawn creatures. (Source: ANN) Two five minute specials based on homonym games. Natsuya receives a mission from Professor Hastings to protect Pokémon and destroy the Pokémon Nappers, who poach and control wild Pokémon. Queen's Blade OVA. Contains short stories from the lives of the warriors after the Queen's Blade competition. DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou. This entry was originally meant to be a 52 episode TV series.  Unfortunately, the project was canceled, leaving only a 52 second trailer. The concept of the series: The story takes place in Kisshou City, one of a few remaining oases surrounded by lifeless land devastated by a long world war. Wreckages of humanoid weapons, called "Legacies", are collected and reassembled by the residents of the city. One day, a gang of bandits approaches the city to seize the secrets hidden in the Legacies. The mayor decides to intercept them with a special robot Ω99, which has remained intact since the war. A teenage boy Yamato is called up for the pilot. He is just an ordinary gamer who doesn't even know about the city's crisis. A scientific animation and the second project of Anime Innovation Tokyo, THINK Corporation and Tokyo Metropolitan Government's investment initiative to sponsor animation works by independant animators or small studios What would be your guess of the world's fastest moving transport? Haley is a student at the school of wizardry, doing nothing but racing with his friends on flying broomsticks. One day, Haley's teacher unveils one of his latest inventions - magic goggles that measure the speed of moving objects, simply by wearing them. He has Haley and his friends use these goggles and compete against each other to decide who will measure the fastest speed of any surrounding animal. Peter, frustrated after losing against Haley, challenges him to another match and the two head toward the human world, taking with them an advanced magic broomstick their teacher had developed. Although this broomstick was incomplete, Haley and Peter succeed in flying around the human world to discover the fastest moving object. Now, what do you suppose this could be...?! (Source: AniDB) Second Break Blade movie. The Digital World is in a state of war, with the evil Bagra Army attempting to collect fragments of the Code Crown. Whoever manages to collect all 108 fragments will become king of the Digital World. An evil group of Digimon, known as the Bagra Army, are determined to get their hands on the Code Crown. Digimon Xros Wars features Taiki Kudou, a soccer-loving middle schooler who will always go out of his way to help people in need. When out with his friends Akari Hinomoto and Zenjirou Tsurugi one day, he hears a voice calling out for help. Investigating the situation, he meets a Digimon named Shoutmon who has been severely wounded in a nearby alley. Using the power of a strange device called a Xros Loader, Taiki manages to save Shoutmon's life, but is pulled into the Digital World alongside Akari and Zenjirou. Determined not to let the evil Bagra have their way, Taiki and his friends join with Shoutmon and other local Digimon to form their own army known as Xros Heart. Now Xros Heart must fight their way across the Digital World to collect Code Crown fragments and defeat the Bagra Army, but Taiki and his friends are not the only humans caught up in this war of monsters… DVD/BD extra. Set over 20 years prior to the main One Piece story, this limited release OVA chronicles the confrontation between Gold Lion Shiki and Gold Roger as well as other events around the world around the time of the Pirate King's execution. The main plot revolves around the Yamata Empire's plan to destroy all the galaxy's negative karma using a massive technological reactor called the Naaga Generator. Unfortunately, negative karma cannot simply be destroyed, it must be atoned for. However the leader of the powerful mystic Buddhist Fuze Clan plans to stop the destruction of the negative karma which will end up creating the nine-headed Naaga and destroy the world if not the whole universe. To help in stopping the creation of the Naaga, the clan summons a Shinto god known as Susano, the Warrior God of Destruction. The powerful, arrogant, and homicidal god faces challenges. These include the Empire and the clan leader's own daughter, the bratty sorceress Seska, who is possessed by the power of the negative Karma and a powerful magic formula. (Source: Wikipedia) 22nd Anpanman short movie. A special included in the DVD Box set of Ikusa Otome Suvia. As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Ash Ketchum, headed off to the Unova region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Hoenn and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Trip and the region's Professor Juniper, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Cilan, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Straition City Gym Leaders. According to the Kuroshitsuji website, there are 6 OVAs included in the DVD releases. DVD 2: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 1) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 3: Welcome to the Phantomhive's This is meant to be like a simulation game. Elizabeth invites a lady (perhaps the viewer) to join her at a ball held at the Phantomhive mansion. DVD 5: The Making of Kuroshitsuji II This is a Hollywood style documentary with behind the scenes interviews with Sebastian, Ciel, Claude and Alois etc. DVD 6: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 2) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 8: The Tale of William the Shinigami William and Grell have to train new shinigami and reminisce about when they were training partners. DVD 9: The Spider's Intention The life in Trancy household and how those work under Alois is caring for him. A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two. Third Break Blade movie. Inyouchuu Shoku Complete Edition is a compilation of both Inyouchuu Shoku episodes with an additional 10 minutes of extra footage at the end with the twins. These extra scenes are credited as "episode 3" in the end credits and constitute this entry. The demon hunters are back! Mikoto, Sui, and Takeru are sent to investigate a mysterious island where people have been disappearing repeatedly and dark yoma are rumored to be the cause. When the team first arrives it almost feels like a vacation to them, but it doesn't take them long to the feel the presence of something dark and evil... Sakura Kurumi, Erika's mother, is preparing for a fashion show in Paris. The girls of the school's fashion club are going to model there, including some high school students. While in Paris, they meet a mysterious boy named Oliver. However, Baron Salamander of the Desert Apostles appears, and the girls transform into Pretty Cures to defend Paris. Fourth Break Blade Movie. Kyle, the protagonist of this story, is one of the 7 heroes who defeated the evil overlord. After that battle he starts a conquest of the continent in order to unite the humans who live on it. Standing against Kyle is only his younger brother Syll, who is also one of the seven heroes. Kyle stole his throne, but failed to kill him. One day, another of the 7 heroes appears before Kyle. She is Nina, an elven princess. Kyle knows that Nina and Syll are lovers, and a dark desire begins to burn inside of him... Recap episode. Includes re-edited footage from episode 1 up to episode 15. Iris is narrating along with Sion. In a lonesome water mill deep in a forest of briers and brambles lives a witch named Baba Yaga. There the witch keeps her servant the Egg Princess confined and forces the tiny egg-girl to do all the hard daily chores around the mill. One night, a large batch of kneaded dough resting in a trough suddenly comes to life from the witch's spell. Fearful of the witch, the Egg Princess and her new friend decide to run away. What will lay ahead for the two of them...? (Source: Official Website) A collaboration anime project of Anime Tenchou and Touhou animated by ufotable. The anime was shown at the 2010 Animate Ichioshi Bishojo Anime Matsuri. Yu☆Gi☆Oh! Zexal follows the adventures of Yuuma Tsukumo in his hometown, the futuristic city of Heartland. Yuuma is an amateur duelist who wants to become the world's greatest Duel Monsters champion, having learned the basics of dueling from his father who disappeared long ago under mysterious circumstances. Always pushing himself to the limit in order to prove himself, Yuuma soon finds himself outmatched when dueling a bully to recover his friend's stolen cards. Just as hope seems lost, a mysterious spirit named Astral appears and helps Yuuma to win the duel. Astral explains that his memories have been lost and split into 99 cards called Numbers that have been scattered all over the world. These Numbers are extremely dangerous; each card has a will of its own and can possess any duelist who uses it by bringing out the deepest, and often darkest, desires of that person's heart. Seeing that Astral is a skilled duelist and wanting to better himself, Yuuma reluctantly agrees to assist Astral in recovering the Numbers. But Yuuma and Astral are not the only Number Hunters out there and many of the other parties seeking these powerful cards have much more malicious desires than recovering lost memories. Welcome to the Gourmet Age, where happiness is measured by what you eat. In an era in which life revolves around fine cuisine, people will go to great lengths to procure special ingredients which have the power to turn a nice meal into a heavenly delight. However, since these delicious additives usually come from rare, powerful creatures, Gourmet Hunters are called upon to gather them. The International Gourmet Organization has the utmost power in this world, and is responsible for maintaining the balance of the distribution of ingredients worldwide. One day, Chef Komatsu is sent on a mission to locate one of the most renowned Gourmet Hunters in existence, Toriko, and to hire him for a very special job. However, astounded by Toriko's skill and unbelievable passion, what started out as a simple mission gradually grows into a deep friendship. Combine the talents of Gourmet Hunter Toriko, who dreams of creating the ultimate Full Course meal, and Chef Komatsu, who aspires to one day become a Master Chef, and the recipe for success may just be discovered. With the promise of granting any wish, the omnipotent Holy Grail triggered three wars in the past, each too cruel and fierce to leave a victor. In spite of that, the wealthy Einzbern family is confident that the Fourth Holy Grail War will be different; namely, with a vessel of the Holy Grail now in their grasp. Solely for this reason, the much hated "Magus Killer" Kiritsugu Emiya is hired by the Einzberns, with marriage to their only daughter Irisviel as binding contract. Kiritsugu now stands at the center of a cutthroat game of survival, facing off against six other participants, each armed with an ancient familiar, and fueled by unique desires and ideals. Accompanied by his own familiar, Saber, the notorious mercenary soon finds his greatest opponent in Kirei Kotomine, a priest who seeks salvation from the emptiness within himself in pursuit of Kiritsugu. Based on the light novel written by Gen Urobuchi, Fate/Zero depicts the events of the Fourth Holy Grail War—10 years prior to Fate/stay night . Witness a battle royale in which no one is guaranteed to survive. [Written by MAL Rewrite] On an island, legend has it that monsters have lived there since ancient times. Because of this, the residents have named the island “Monster Island.” In actuality, the monsters living on the island are friendly, but live in fear of humans. A child named Kotake wanders onto the island. A grumpy red ogre named Naki ends up taking care of the child. What strange things might this encounter cause? Dog Days takes place in the world of Flonyard, an alternate Earth inhabited by beings who resemble humans, but also have the ears and tails of specific animals. The Republic of Biscotti, a union of dog-like citizens, has come under attack by the feline forces of the Galette Leo Knights. In an effort to save Biscotti, Princess Millhiore summons a champion from another world in order to defend her people. That champion is Cinque Izumi, a normal junior high student from Earth. Agreeing to assist Biscotti, Cinque retrieves a sacred weapon called the Palladion and prepares for war. In Flonyard, wars are fought with no casualties and are more akin to sports competitions with the goal of raising money for the participating kingdoms. Cinque is successful in his role as Biscotti’s champion, but learns that a summoned champion cannot be returned to their home world. The scientists of Biscotti will endeavor to find a way for Cinque to return home, but until they figure something out, he must serve Princess Millhiore by continuing to fight as Biscotti’s hero. Ten years ago, a massive invasion by the Erebonian Empire almost shattered the Kingdom of Liberl, piercing to the heart of Capital City before being driven back by a determined counteroffensive led by Cassius Bright. Now, as the invaders pace behind the northern borders, coveting the small kingdom's magic and high technology, Liberl slowly rebuilds with the aid of the Bracer's Guild, whose mystical use of "Craft" is even more intrinsic to the nation's defense than its own army. For young Estelle Bright, daughter of Cassius, this is all just ancient history that she and her adopted brother Joshua learned as kids. But history has a way of repeating itself, and as they prepare to join the Bracers Guild themselves, sinister forces are preparing to thrust them into the familiar family situation of being in the worst possible place when mayhem breaks out. Because when their father's airship goes suddenly missing, of course it only makes sense to two green, but extraordinarily capable, young teenagers to strike out on a rescue mission of their own! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) One-hour special split into 2 episodes during the airing of Pokemon Best Wishes! featuring the old characters from the Diamond & Pearl series Hikari and Takeshi with their Pokemon. Episode 1 - ヒカリ・新たなる旅立ち! (Hikari, Arata Naru Tabidachi!): Hikari - Setting off on a New Journey! Episode 2 - ニビジム・史上最大の危機! (Nibi Gym, Shijou Saidai no Kiki!): Nibi Gym - The Greatest Crisis Ever! Drago is unable to control the powers he has received from Code Eve, so Dan and Drago contemplate retirement. Meanwhile a new and insidious enemy infiltrates Bakugan Interspace shaking the Battle Brawlers and their fans. The Battle Brawlers must find a way to control Code Eve's powers, with the help of some new allies, or else this new threat could threaten all Bakugan everywhere. (Source: ANN) The story revolves around Kinoshita Suguri, a nine-year-old third-grade girl who loves animals and making fashion accessories. One day, while Suguri is out buying materials for accessories, she comes across an unusual rock. Thinking it would look cute on a bracelet, she goes to pick up the rock and discovers a creature named Kappy. Kappy happens to be the three-year-old prince of Kapimeshia. (Source: ANN) This OVA takes place in between episodes 8 and 9 of the first season of Hakuouki. Yukimura Chizuru goes on a reconnaissance mission in Shimabara as a geiko for the Shinsengumi. Each episode unfolds the events of the days leading up to, during, and after the operation. It intermittently reveals each captain's involvement as well as that of a few demons in the affair. Each individual episode primarily focuses from the third person perspectives of: Okita Souji, Saito Hajime, Harada Sanosuke, Toudou Heisuke, Hijikata Toshizo, and Kazama Chikage. In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi. Natsume Yuujinchou San follows Takashi Natsume, a boy who is able to see youkai. Natsume and his bodyguard Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei, continue on their quest to release youkai from their contracts in the "Book of Friends." Natsume comes to terms with his ability to see youkai and stops thinking of it as a curse. As he spends more time with his human and youkai friends, he realizes how much he values them both and decides he doesn't have to choose between the spirit and human worlds to be happy. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Returning to the Digital World, Taiki and Shoutmon learn that the Bagra Army has taken it over and reformatted the world to have Seven Kingdoms, each ruled by a general. (Source: AniDB) In the far future, humans abandon a devastated Earth and traveled to outer space. However, due to unknown phenomenon that prevents them from traveling into space, humanity returns to Earth only to find it inhospitable except for Japan. To accommodate the entire human population, pocket dimensions are created around Japan to house in the populace. In order to find a way to return to outer space, the humans began reenacting human history according to the Holy book Testament. But in the year 1413 of the Testament Era, the nations of the pocket dimensions invade and conquer Japan, dividing the territory into feudal fiefdoms and forcing the original inhabitants of Japan to leave. It is now the year 1648 of the Testament Era, the refugees of Japan now live in the city ship Musashi, where it constantly travels around Japan while being watched by the Testament Union, the authority that runs the re-enactment of history. However, rumors of an apocalypse and war begin to spread when the Testament stops revealing what happens next after 1648. Taking advantage of this situation, Toori Aoi, head of Musashi Ariadust Academy's Supreme Federation and President of the student council, leads his fellow classmates to use this opportunity to regain their homeland. (Source: Wikipedia) Jealous of Suneo's new robot toy, Nobita asks Doraemon to build him an even better one. Doraemon initially refuses, until Nobita accidentally discovers pieces of a mysterious robot that falls from the sky. After gathering all the robot parts and assembled them together, the giant robot, Zanda Claus, is soon completed. The duo soon learn that the robot is not a mere toy, but a powerful weapon in the fight against the coming Robot Army that is going to attack Earth and enslave the human inhabitants of it. An invasion is near, as a mysterious girl Riruru (リルル, Alternative spelling: Lilulu, Lillele [Doko Demo Doa Scanlations]) shows up, looking for the robot. (Source: Wikipedia) The story begins when the kingdom of Noigllado suddenly invades the small country of Azuelgatt and brings it to the brink of destruction. General Adnowell leads Noigllado's troops against Azuelgatt's final, remaining line of defense: the fortress Doroah, led by a skilled female warrior named Shamshir. (Source: ANN) An OVA bundled with the non-adult version of the OreTsuba PC game. The OVA has more fan service than the TV series (what they call, "nakedness plus 90%"). The OVA Astaroette no Omocha is a three part short story series. In the first story, Lotte and Asuha find themselves searching for details about their school project. In the second bit, is the backstory to how Zelda came to be Lotte's bodyguard. The final of the three, is a flashback of how the queen met Naoya and how they conceived Asuha ten years prior to the events in the anime. (Source: ANN) Ura Ex, extra short anime included in Blu-ray and the DVD releases of Ao no Exorcist . 23rd Anpanman short movie. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. High school student Ling Xiaoyu is recruited by Anna Williams of G Corporation to transfer to Kyoto University and gather information on a student named Shin Kamiya. Meanwhile, Jin Kazama, the current head of the Mishima Zaibatsu, sends Alisa Bosconovitch to the university for the same mission. Though they do not know each other's true motives, Xiaoyu and Alisa become close friends. However, their friendship is put to the test when Shin is captured by an unknown assailant. (Source: ANN) Support video for the victims and sufferers of the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami featuring all the Precure girls. One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are: Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Kuroki Eiyuu Zekrom Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Shiroki Eiyuu Reshiram The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram. A Queen is turned into being a sex slave for her new King. After Cure Muse's mission of restoring her father's kind heart was accomplished, Ako and Mephisto decided to return to Major Land together. Suddenly, a howling noise rang through the city, and when it died down, all music was gone. Ako and Mephisto tried to establish contact with Major Land, but could not get a response. Full of worry, Hibiki and the others headed to Major Land, where there was no sign of the former land of overflowing music. The world was desolate without sound, its people devoid of emotion like stone, continuing to play their soundless instruments. The only one left was Ako's friend Suzu, who explained how Aphrodite suddenly changed and took away all music from the land. Ako and Mephisto, unbelieving and determined to find out the truth, headed to the palace where Aphrodite was. Hibiki, Kanade and Ellen decided to chase after Suzu, who had run away after Ako refused to believe her story. While chasing after Suzu, the girls met with 3 men eager to steal the Healing Chest. And as the truth slowly came to light, the Pretty Cure had to face up to the real enemy. Kei is an apprentice knight, when his heart is broken by a failed romance he decides to go on a journey for training. As he was leaving the town, he encountered two beautiful girls waiting just outside the gates. While he was checking them out, he noticed that one of them is dressed as a wizard and the other as a priestess. At the same time he noticed that the priestess was waving a sign, saying help wanted, they noticed him as well and thought that he wanted to join. After talking with them a bit (and surviving their trial) he agreed to protect them on their journey. What starts as a simple journey changed into something totally different... something that would decide the destiny of the whole world... (Source: vndb) To mark the July 2 opening of the Fullmetal Alchemist: The Sacred Star of Milos film, the Pia Eiga Seikatsu website posted an exclusive video "interview" with the stars of the film, Edward and Alphonse Elric (as voiced by Romi Park and Rie Kugimiya, respectively). In keeping with the spirit of Hiromu Arakawa's original manga and the two television anime, the interviewer has trouble early on in figuring out who the "Fullmetal Alchemist" is. (The interview has cameos by the other stars of the anime.) Also includes 3 "Study" sessions with "Professor" Mustang, teaching Winry and Hawkeye about Creta and Milos. It's Kyoto, and yet it is not. A microcosm of peculiar origins, "Mirror Kyoto." A small incident causes a young girl, Koto, to wander into this world. She runs into a mysterious monk, gets chased around by a tech-obsessed girl, and heartily enjoys her chaotic and colorful new life, but meanwhile, out of sight, a certain plan is being set into motion... In this mysterious city where spirits and humans have been thrown together, the festivities are about to begin! (Source: translated from the official website by lygerzero0zero) Humans acquired a perfect source of energy called "Patia", which brought self-sufficiency in food and fuel to all the people in the world. Trade and transportation began to diminish and finally the advance of the civilization terminated. Now the genetically modified plants cover almost all of the lands on earth and obstruct travelers. Cient, the leader of a fortress city, sets out on a trip to excavate the lost technology "Patia" with his daughter Ruri. When Ruri gets separated from her father, a giant humanoid weapon of the old age attacks her. Ruri is saved by a girl named Tekuni who is traveling around the world training as a "Wazabito" fighter. OVAs bundled with the Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book and the Queen's Blade Rebellion Premium Visual Book. Both of the episodes will be based on Queen's Blade Rebellion, a sequel to Queen's Blade: Utsukushiki Toushitachi. Feeling slighted by Rin, Kuro goes on the hunt for a new master, but can he find anyone who can truly replace Rin? When aliens suddenly invade the world, Earth seems to be fighting a losing battle until Arikawa, one of the defense command staff, accidentally discovers a young man lying on a hill. Tests soon prove the impossible: this one teenager, Kakashi, has the power to defeat the attackers! Unfortunately, Kakashi has also lost his memory, and with it the knowledge of how to actually use his power. Moving Kakashi in with himself and his own commander, Shiro, Arikawa accidentally starts a strange triangle of emotions and relationships. A triangle that threatens the fate of the planet as Kakashi begins to question his own motivations! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Special episode about Trunks going back to the future and fighting the Androids. Also known as episode 98 of Dragon Ball Kai. Digimon Xros Wars: Toki wo Kakeru Shounen Hunter-tachi takes place one year after the defeat of Bagramon and company. Since then, Taiki Kudou and Yuu Amano have formed a basketball team with Yuu’s classmate, Tagiru Akashi. One day, Tagiru discovers a strange area called the DigiQuartz, a strange and unstable realm that exists between the human and digital worlds. He then realises that children all over the world have obtained Xros Loaders as well as Digimon partners to participate in a competition called the 'Digimon Hunt'. Digimon that wander from the digital world into the DigiQuartz are able to feed off of what negative emotions leak in from the human world. This makes the Digimon stronger at the expense of being extremely violent. As a result, the Digimon Hunters must work to stop these Digimon from wreaking havoc in the human world. Joined by the troublemaking Gumdramon, Tagiru aims to become the top Digimon Hunter, all the while unaware of Taiki and Yuu’s previous Digimon connections. Yet a sinister force lurks with the creation of the DigiQuartz, and the young Hunters will soon realize that the Digimon Hunt is much more than a simple game... Recap episode aired between episodes 19 and 20. Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans) Precure All-Stars DX the Dance Live: Miracle Dance Stage e Youkoso is an all-in-3D dance production featuring the Pretty Cures from seasons Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart through to Suite Pretty Cure♪ (sans Cure Muse). The production lasts for 10 minutes, and is done entirely in stereoscopic 3D, featuring a medley of songs from the different DX movies, as well as some brand new songs. The dance production itself was released in movie theatres on 5 August 2011, accompanied by the release of a brand new single, Pretty Cure All Stars 3D Theatre Theme Song Single. The movie starts when a pink shooting star falls down from the night sky and soughts out a toy store, striking one of the Cure Dolls of Melody on display. The Melody Doll comes alive, freeing herself from her box. Jumping to the floor, she explores the toy store when she hears the noise of a crowd coming from outside. Running out of the store, she discovers a huge TV screen which reflects a "real-life" image of herself. Playing around with it, she is soon joined by a Cure Doll of Rhythm. The two spot Hummy, waiting several floors down on the dance floor, who waved at them and sends up two rainbow keyboards to the Cure Dolls. Nodding to each other, the two slide down the keyboard onto the dance floor, and the concert began. The concert ends with a shot of the huge TV screen shown during the introduction. The 3 Suite♪ Cures are seen smiling and waving at the audience, and as the shot zoomed out, the 3 Cure Dolls are shown at the bottom of the screen. (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki) The characters in Sanrio's Wish me mell line star in two short specials. Satoshi (Ash)'s Pikachu and friends visit a town with a huge draw bridge, but problems arise when they come across Satoshi's Mijumaru (Oshawott) and Pokabu (Tepig), who have eaten the fruits that wild Gothimu (Gothita) and Darumakka had collected. They head off to collect fruits from the forest across the bridge, but then Nyarth (Meowth) appears and tries to steal the fruits. On top of that, the bridge is raised, blocking their passage. What will Pikachu do? The fight for the fruits begins!! (Source: bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net) Toei Animation released a new 3D anime short at events starting December 1, 2011. The short run about 12 minutes long and played at stereoscopic 3D theaters at Aichi Prefecture's Lagunasia theme park, Nagasaki Prefecture's Huis Ten Bosch theme park, Kanagawa Prefecture's Yokohama Landmark Tower, and Hiroshima Prefecture's NTT CRED Hall. (Source: ANN) Specials included in the Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book's DVDs. Shown at Jump Festa 2012, held in December, 2011. Bardock, Goku's father, who was supposed to have died when Freeza's attack hit him along with the Planet Vegeta, was sent way back in time where the planet was inhabited by strange creatures. There, he meets Freeza's ancestor, a space pirate named Chilled, and fights him to protect the planet. (Source: AniDB) Short film shown only in the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka. The nine-minute short adapts a picture book by Rieko Nakagawa and Yuriko Yamawaki, the author and illustrator of two previous books that inspired Ghibli shorts (Sora Iro no Tane, The Whale Hunt). In the story, a boy named Yuuji and a rabbit named Gikku find a stick at the same time, and decide to compete in games to decide who can keep the stick. However, whether it is a foot race, long jump, or sumo wrestling, they always end up in a tie. (Source: ANN) Fate/Prototype is a digest version of Kinoko Nasu's original version of Fate/stay night . "Mahou Tsukai Jiji" was created as part of a project promoting the relation between young and old people. A Korean animation about a hen named Leafie who lives and works on an egg farm who dreams of freedom outside her cage. One day she fakes her own death to escape the farm. Kyoto Animation commercial. 663114 is a short but hard-hitting monologue of a 66-year-old cicada. The insect draws parallels between the catastrophes of Hiroshima and Fukushima and poses a fundamental question about the future of our planet. 66 is the number of years since Hiroshima and Nagasaki were destroyed by Little Boy and Fat Man. 3/11 is the date of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and following disastrous tsunami. 4 is the number of reactors emitting radiation from the Fukushima Daichii plant. 663114 won the Noburou Oofuji Award at the Mainichi Film Awards in February 2012. (Source: AniDB) Sequel of Goulart Knights: Evoked the Beginning Black. A special included in the DVD of Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan OVA and the BD-BOX of Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan. Every 333 years the ultimate universal devil known as "Kuiba" is reborn. With each rebirth, Kuiba brings absolute destruction. In order to battle Kuiba, Deities and people team up and assassinate him just before his revival. In 1664, the year of Kuiba's rebirth, the assassination attempt failed. Kuiba managed to slip into the young body of Manji. As the child grew older, Manji grew a strong desire to become the greatest warrior. When Manji hears the armies of Earth are recruiting to battle Kuiba, Manji and his master enlists to find and fight Kuiba. What he doesn't know is the one he is aiming to destroy is himself. How will he face his fate and accept his destiny? The House, which echoes of the wildly surreal worlds seen in Spirited Away, focuses on Ga-young, a young woman who moves to an old town where she meets Zipsin, the spirit of a house that is soon to be demolished. Whisked away on an enchanted adventure, Ga-young and Zipsin seek out a new spirit who may be able to help them—and together, they hatch a scheme to save the house from those who don't believe in its magic. Brook introduces the Thousand Sunny's while Luffy searches for his straw hat. This was a special included in a limited edition DVD that was released in Nissan stores across Japan. The DVD also included the making of One Piece 3D: Straw Hat Chase. Specials aired on Nico Nico Douga and YouTube, later released on BDs/DVDs. Short promotional videos made for Shiroishi City in Miyagi Prefecture. In this "action epic" set in the run-down slums, the title character Domerica is transformed into a monster one day. (Source: ANN)  Constellations were created thousands years ago and they have been handed down generation after generation up to now. This show focuses on this great fact. In the show, you will see instruction on constellations and movement of the sun, moon and planets against constellations. An associated story from Greek myths is provided with beautiful CG including the tale of Astraea, the goddess of justice, who is closely related to the constellation Libra. A Christmas commercial campaign funded by AFLAC. 2 episodes show the ducks acting like Santa with a song sung by songstress Mayuminu. A 3rd commercial was made combining the previous 2 with extra footage and a song sung by Fukushima Prefectural Asaka Reimei school choir. The girly but bloody otome game re-imagining of Lewis Carroll's classic fantasy novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland with bishounen characters and added romance. A parody of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland where Alice is smart and non-doormatlike. In this story, Alice is not all what she seems. She is practical, strong, yet darkly cynical. Instead of the tradition story, Alice is kidnapped unwillingly by a mysterious (yet somewhat bishie-looking) man with bunny ears into a place call Heartland. Stuck in Heartland due to a trick by the mysterious bunny eared man, she meets the residents of this world. Along the way, Alice meets Blood, handsome mafia leader; Ace, the psycho yet charming knight and more... What should Alice do in such a world!? (Source: MU) Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai , a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yuji disappeared the fateful night he was supposed to choose between a life combating evil by Shana's side or as a normal teenager. He returns from near-death to lead the Crimson Denizens in a dubious plot to bring peace to the universe, but Shana isn't fooled. In an explosive reunion, the fiery warrior faces her unlikeliest of foes while Flame Hazes from across the world join forces to ignite a war that will determine the fate of all supernatural kind. (Source: FUNimation) The third and final OVA series concluding the story of Tales of Symphonia: The Animation. An OVA adaptation of the climactic part of Saiyuuki Gaiden. A fugitive alchemist with mysterious abilities leads the Elric brothers to a distant valley of slums inhabited by the Milos, a proud people struggling against bureaucratic exploitation. Ed and Al quickly find themselves in the middle of a rising rebellion, as the exiled Milos lash out against their oppressors. At the heart of the conflict is Julia, a young alchemist befriended by Alphonse. She'll stop at nothing to restore the Milos to their former glory—even if that means harnessing the awful power of the mythical Philosopher's Stone. (Source: FUNimation) The story takes place on an island, where a "Fractale System" is beginning to collapse. One day, Clain finds an injured girl called Phryne under a cliff. She disappears leaving a pendant. Clain sets out for a journey with the girl-shaped avatar Nessa to look for Phryne and discovers the secret of the Fractale System. Tobias, Mary, and Sakuya challenge the impregnable "The One Sin", but they lose their way in the maze and unintentionally trap other guild members. A mysterious cat is watching their blunder. Is it another player character or NPC? After the school festival, Kohei and friends head to a small cottage out of town and enjoy themselves after working hard. It's Tokyo in the 1970s, and evil youkai (demons) are attacking the human world. The "Youkai Patrol"—Enma, Princess Yukiko, Kapaeru, and Grandpa Shappo—are sent from hell to exterminate them. (Source: ANN) The young succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar hates men. She hates them so much, in fact, that she goes out of her way to surround herself with women, and ends up with quite a collection of ladies with quirky personalities. Unfortunately, her duties as a succubus require her to form a harem of men to replenish her magic. Astarotte lives a fairly carefree life, until the World Tree opens a path into another realm and swallows up one of her companions. Luckily, Astarotte's friend returns unharmed, along with a handsome surprise. Naoya Touhara is a man, and a human one at that. He's perfect for becoming Astarotte's first male companion, if she can get over her hatred of men and accept him into her life. Naoya decides to stay in Astarotte's world and help her on her journey into adulthood, under one condition: he wants to bring his daughter Asuha with him. Strange sounds in the darkness... Unearthly music from an old crystal radio... These are all the warning Asuna Watase has before a simple walk to her clubhouse catapults her into a nightmarish adventure that will take her beneath the Earth to a lost land beyond the realm of legend! Attacked by a strange monstrous creature, rescued by a mysterious stranger and pursued by a relentless enemy, Asuna finds herself enmeshed in a centuries old mystery that will bind her to a strange young defender and lead her inevitably, towards a secret that may hold the key to life itself! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Two-episode OVA based on SEGA's Valkyria Chronicles 3: Unrecorded Chronicles game. Kanon Town is filled with music. Hibiki Houjou and Kanade Minamino have grown up in this town and have known each other since they were children. However, they no longer get along. One day the fairy Hummy from the land of music, Major Land, appears before them. The evil king Mephisto of Minor Land is planning to turn the legendary Melody of Happiness into the Melody of Misfortune. To prevent this from happening, Hibiki and Kanade transform themselves into Pretty Cure. Kanade and Hibiki have to learn to work together to collect the scattered notes of the Melody of Happiness in order to recreate the score! One day, Yamato, Mikoto and Takeru visit a village in the mountain for the training to be monster hunters. They have various hard trainings and finally become the monster hunters. But there is something wrong with Yamato's body. His body gradually changes into a monster... what is happening to his body? Who can stop it? To save Yamato, Mikoto and Takeru make every effort to do so. What is the secret to Yamato's body? What will happen to Mikoto and Takeru? (Source: ErogeShop) One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are: Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Kuroki Eiyuu Zekrom Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Shiroki Eiyuu Reshiram The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram. Humans and demons are two sides of the same coin, as are Assiah and Gehenna, their respective worlds. The only way to travel between the realms is by the means of possession, like in ghost stories. However, Satan, the ruler of Gehenna, cannot find a suitable host to possess and therefore, remains imprisoned in his world. In a desperate attempt to conquer Assiah, he sends his son instead, intending for him to eventually grow into a vessel capable of possession by the demon king. Ao no Exorcist follows Rin Okumura who appears to be an ordinary, somewhat troublesome teenager—that is until one day he is ambushed by demons. His world turns upside down when he discovers that he is in fact the very son of Satan and that his demon father wishes for him to return so they can conquer Assiah together. Not wanting to join the king of Gehenna, Rin decides to begin training to become an exorcist so that he can fight to defend Assiah alongside his brother Yukio. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Announced in the live program on Niconico douga. The story will be unrelated to the TV series. Fanservice promised. Precure 10th Anniversary Movie and 3rd Precure All Stars DX. Enemies are from all the Precure works. OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. According to Weekly Shonen Jump, 3D movies of One Piece and Toriko were announced to premiere on March 19th, 2011. One Piece 3D is an original story about the missing straw hat of Luffy. Welcome to the Gourmet Age, where happiness is measured by what you eat. In an era in which life revolves around fine cuisine, people will go to great lengths to procure special ingredients which have the power to turn a nice meal into a heavenly delight. However, since these delicious additives usually come from rare, powerful creatures, Gourmet Hunters are called upon to gather them. The International Gourmet Organization has the utmost power in this world, and is responsible for maintaining the balance of the distribution of ingredients worldwide. One day, Chef Komatsu is sent on a mission to locate one of the most renowned Gourmet Hunters in existence, Toriko, and to hire him for a very special job. However, astounded by Toriko's skill and unbelievable passion, what started out as a simple mission gradually grows into a deep friendship. Combine the talents of Gourmet Hunter Toriko, who dreams of creating the ultimate Full Course meal, and Chef Komatsu, who aspires to one day become a Master Chef, and the recipe for success may just be discovered. In the Kingdom of Midland, a mercenary named Guts wanders the land, preferring a life of conflict over a life of peace. Despite the odds never being in his favor, he is an unstoppable force that overcomes every opponent, wielding a massive sword larger than himself. One day, Griffith, the mysterious leader of the mercenary group Band of the Hawk, witnesses the warrior's battle prowess and invites the wandering swordsman to join his squadron. Rejecting the offer, Guts challenges Griffith to a duel—and, much to the former's surprise, is subsequently defeated and forced to join. Now, Guts must fight alongside Griffith and his crew to help Midland defeat the Empire of Chuder. However, Griffith seems to harbor ulterior motives, desiring something much larger than just settling the war... [Written by MAL Rewrite] For years, declining birth rates have forced what's left of the human race to cede more and more territory to other beings who have appeared to take advantage of the emptying ecological niche. Now, only a handful of humans remain among the remnants of civilization and Earth is dominated by fairies —tiny, ten-inch tall creatures of surprising intelligence. But humanity's importance isn't over quite yet, as young Watashi learns as she makes the decision to return to her hometown and assume her grandfather's position as an arbitrator between the races. Unfortunately, the job isn't going to be anywhere near as simple as she expected, and it's going to take a wisdom far beyond her years to achieve her most important mission. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi. 12,000 years after the events in Genesis Aquarion , humans live on the star Vega under constant threat of trans-dimensional beings called Abductors. These enemies originate from Vega’s sister star Altair and raid Vega for human life. As a countermeasure, an organization known as Neo-DEAVA formed to combat the Abductors. They pilot advanced mecha suits called Aquaria and are strictly separated by gender. Boys and girls are not allowed contact; they are even restrained from fighting on the same battlefield. However, events take a shocking turn when an advanced Abductor mecha suit joins the fray. Two teenagers, Mikono and Amata, are dragged into the conflict. Unknowingly, Amata performs a taboo when he summons an Aquaria and initializes what is called the Forbidden Union between male and female Aquaria. Neo-DEAVA is shocked, and the repercussions of Amata’s actions are much farther reaching than he realizes. How was he able to summon an Aquaria? Where did he learn to form a Forbidden Union? And why was Mikono also able to pilot the mecha suit? The story centers around a timid orphan named Mizumura Shinta who goes to a missionary school in Tokyo. His seemingly normal life changes when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Mizumura discovers that he is actually a vampire hunter and the successor of the Romuald lineage. (Source: ANN)  The fourth and final season of The Familiar of Zero. Saito and Louise feel their bond deepening as the days go on, and they feel it might be time to take the next step in their relationship... But before that, the Queen has a mission for them. She sends them to the pope, who has both Louise and Tiffania become holy maidens. And with all the interruptions around, by both friends and foes, Louise and Saito's love will be tested to the limit. (Source: ANN) In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout daily life. Sora Yuuki is a 14-year-old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform. Digimon Xros Wars: Toki wo Kakeru Shounen Hunter-tachi takes place one year after the defeat of Bagramon and company. Since then, Taiki Kudou and Yuu Amano have formed a basketball team with Yuu’s classmate, Tagiru Akashi. One day, Tagiru discovers a strange area called the DigiQuartz, a strange and unstable realm that exists between the human and digital worlds. He then realises that children all over the world have obtained Xros Loaders as well as Digimon partners to participate in a competition called the 'Digimon Hunt'. Digimon that wander from the digital world into the DigiQuartz are able to feed off of what negative emotions leak in from the human world. This makes the Digimon stronger at the expense of being extremely violent. As a result, the Digimon Hunters must work to stop these Digimon from wreaking havoc in the human world. Joined by the troublemaking Gumdramon, Tagiru aims to become the top Digimon Hunter, all the while unaware of Taiki and Yuu’s previous Digimon connections. Yet a sinister force lurks with the creation of the DigiQuartz, and the young Hunters will soon realize that the Digimon Hunt is much more than a simple game... Takashi Natsume, the timid youkai expert and master of the Book of Friends, continues his journey towards self-understanding and acceptance with the help of friends both new and old. His most important ally is still his gluttonous and sake-loving bodyguard, the arrogant but fiercely protective wolf spirit Madara—or Nyanko-sensei, as Madara is called when in his usual disguise of an unassuming, pudgy cat. Natsume, while briefly separated from Nyanko-sensei, is ambushed and kidnapped by a strange group of masked, monkey-like youkai, who have spirited him away to their forest as they desperately search for the Book of Friends. Realizing that his "servant" has been taken out from right under his nose, Nyanko-sensei enlists the help of Natsume's youkai friends and mounts a rescue operation. However, the forest of the monkey spirits holds many dangerous enemies, including the Matoba Clan, Natsume's old nemesis. Stretching from the formidable hideout of the Matoba to Natsume's own childhood home, Natsume Yuujinchou Shi is a sweeping but familiar return to a world of danger and friendship, where Natsume will finally confront the demons of his own past. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In a time of darkness and barbarism, the Chantry has arisen - a religious order seeking to bring stability to a world corrupted by sinister magic. Led by the Divine, the Chantry's Templar warriors ruthlessly restrain the Mages and their magical cabals. But when the Templars fail, the most elite order of the Chantry takes charge - the Seekers! (Source: AniDB) The atmosphere in True Cross Academy is lively and boisterous in the days leading up to the grand festival held once every 11 years. During this time, Okumura Rin is entrusted with the responsibility of suppressing the berserk Phantom Train. In the midst of his mission, he meets a devil whose appearance is that of a young boy. (Source: Official Site) As the Fourth Holy Grail War rages on with no clear victor in sight, the remaining Servants and their Masters are called upon by Church supervisor Risei Kotomine, in order to band together and confront an impending threat that could unravel the Grail War and bring about the destruction of Fuyuki City. The uneasy truce soon collapses as Masters demonstrate that they will do anything in their power, no matter how despicable, to win. Seeds of doubt are sown between Kiritsugu Emiya and Saber, his Servant, as their conflicting ideologies on heroism and chivalry clash. Meanwhile, an ominous bond forms between Kirei Kotomine, who still seeks to find his purpose in life, and one of the remaining Servants. As the countdown to the end of the war reaches zero, the cost of winning begins to blur the line between victory and defeat. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the year 2022, virtual reality has progressed by leaps and bounds, and a massive online role-playing game called Sword Art Online (SAO) is launched. With the aid of "NerveGear" technology, players can control their avatars within the game using nothing but their own thoughts. Kazuto Kirigaya, nicknamed "Kirito," is among the lucky few enthusiasts who get their hands on the first shipment of the game. He logs in to find himself, with ten-thousand others, in the scenic and elaborate world of Aincrad, one full of fantastic medieval weapons and gruesome monsters. However, in a cruel turn of events, the players soon realize they cannot log out; the game's creator has trapped them in his new world until they complete all one hundred levels of the game. In order to escape Aincrad, Kirito will now have to interact and cooperate with his fellow players. Some are allies, while others are foes, like Asuna Yuuki, who commands the leading group attempting to escape from the ruthless game. To make matters worse, Sword Art Online is not all fun and games: if they die in Aincrad, they die in real life. Kirito must adapt to his new reality, fight for his survival, and hopefully break free from his virtual hell. [Written by MAL Rewrite] According to Amazon Japan, a two-volume OVA series "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" was announced.  "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" is an RPG game on PlayStaion Portable released in 2011. Cinque returns to the land of Flonyard in Dog Days' to resume his duties as the hero of the Biscotti Republic and it's as though he never left! The difference this time is that he's brought two friends with him who become heroes in their own right: childhood best friend Rebecca Anderson, who becomes the hero for the Principality of Pastillage at the urging of their leader Princess Couvert Eschenbach Pastillage, and his cousin Nanami Takatsuki, who becomes the hero for the Galette Lion Dominion. As with the first season though, with so many secrets to be uncovered and mysteries to be solved, will there even be time for the athletic events that these three hyper and athletic teenagers love to participate in so much? In the land of Eostia, humans and dark elves have fought for supremacy for over a century. The dark elves rule over a race of monsters that has raided human lands for generations, capturing and defiling their women. Aided by powerful bands of mercenaries, the human kingdoms have gradually pushed back their old rivals. But the mercenaries would not settle for these victories. Led by the cruel general Volt, the sellswords declare independence. With the support of the savage orcs, their new nation attacks human and dark elf alike, carving out a kingdom where men reign supreme and women are little more than slaves. Even the dark elves' castle is conquered and their queen taken prisoner. The sole hope for peace in these lands rests with a fellowship of seven princess knights, handpicked by the goddess of the high elves. But is their power enough to cleanse the evil from their world? Power corrupts, and it when it appears that the once noble Queen Claudette's ways have turned to oppression and heretical persecution, it's up to a new generation of warriors to step up to the plate armor to bear arms and bare their naked fury in open rebellion! The odds may seem unfairly stacked in favor of the Amazonian ranks of the queen, doubly supported by her power of writ and assassins. But the incredible wits and assets of the dazzling array of daring damsels willing to risk their gorgeous skins and put their lithesome bodies on line against her, might just expose a few unexpected weaknesses in the queen's support! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The film revolves around a mysterious girl named Éclair who appears before Fairy Tail, the world's most notorious wizard's guild. She lost all of her memories, except for the imperative that she must deliver two Phoenix Stones somewhere. The stones may spell the collapse of the magical world, and Natsu, Lucy, and the rest of the Fairy Tail guild are caught up in the intrigue. (Source: ANN) This second Berserk film will cover the part of the series dealing with the taking of the important Band of the Hawk stronghold. Once upon a time, there was a kingdom of fairy tales called "Märchenland," where many fairy tale characters live together in joy. Suddenly, the evil emperor Pierrot made an invasion on Märchenland, sealing its Queen in the process. To revive the Queen, the symbol of happiness called Cure Decor, "the Queen's scattered power of light of happiness," is required. To collect the Cure Decor, a fairy named Candy searches for the Pretty Cures on Earth. There, Candy meets a girl, who decides to collect the Cure Decor. Now, will the world earn a "happy ending"? In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere are dressing up and acting as their favorite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself. On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fu-Chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fu-Chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city! To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fu-Chan, all 28 Pretty Cures gather once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine. Some people suddenly find religion, but for 16-year-old Kusanagi Godou, it's that REALLY old time religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, Godou's stuck with the unwanted position of Campione!, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Heretical Gods whenever they try to muscle in on the local turf. Not only is this likely to make Godou roadkill on the Highway to Heaven, it's also a job that comes with a lot of other problems. Like how to deal with the fact that his "enhanced status" is attracting a bevy of overly-worshippy female followers. After all, they're just there to aid him in his demi-godly duties, right? So why is it that their leader, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Blandelli, seems to have such a devilish interest in encouraging some VERY unorthodox activities? Get ready for immortal affairs, heavenly harems and lots of dueling deities taking pious in the face as the ultimate smash, bash and thrash of the Titans rocks both Heaven and Earth. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Hana, a hard-working college student, falls in love with a mysterious man who attends one of her classes though he is not an actual student. As it turns out, he is not truly human either. On a full moon night, he transforms, revealing that he is the last werewolf alive. Despite this, Hana's love remains strong, and the two ultimately decide to start a family. Hana gives birth to two healthy children—Ame, born during rainfall, and Yuki, born during snowfall—both possessing the ability to turn into wolves, a trait inherited from their father. All too soon, however, the sudden death of her lover devastates Hana's life, leaving her to raise a peculiar family completely on her own. The stress of raising her wild-natured children in a densely populated city, all while keeping their identity a secret, culminates in a decision to move to the countryside, where she hopes Ame and Yuki can live a life free from the judgments of society. Wolf Children is the heartwarming story about the challenges of being a single mother in an unforgiving modern world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] One day, a mysterious girl named Kaguya was washed ashore the island of Wyndaria after a great storm. She encounters Rick, a swordsman who wound up working at the island's bakery. Apparently, Kaguya is suffering from having lost her memories and emotions. In addition, the usually peaceful Wyndaria is now swarming with pirates who came seeking for the special spirit stone that is worn around Kaguya's neck. Knowing the situation, Rick and his co-workers, Nellis, Amyl, and Aerie decided to bring back peace to island and help Kaguya regain her lost memories and emotions. (Source: Wikipedia) Gods and ghosts only exist in fairy tales, right? That's the impression that high school girl Tamki Kasuga has before she goes to live with her grandmother in the remote village of Kifumura. After being attacked by strange creatures upon her arrival, she is soon informed that females in her family contain the blood of the Tamayori Princess, who has the responsibility and power of keeping gods and ghosts sealed away so that they can't harm the general public. At first Tamaki has trouble believing this, but having five beautiful young men following her everywhere she goes acting as her guardians goes a long way towards convincing her. There's more to this job than Tamaki first realizes, however, and the path that lies ahead of her is fraught with peril and danger. Will she be able to successfully take on the heavy role that has been put on her shoulders? Taking advantage of the opportunity that the Mikawa Conflict provides, Tori and his comrades attempt to rescue Horizon from the Testament Union. But even as the Floating City Musashi speeds towards its next destination, the Floating Island England, Tres España is preparing its own armada for war against the British Islanders. Now, as the quest of Horizon's emotions builds to its climax, Tori's new battle is about to begin in the land ruled by the Fairy Queen! The reenactment of the history described in the mysterious Testament continues as the secret of the Armor of Deadly Sins is unleashed in the spectacular second season of Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Sengoku Collection revolves around many samurai who are accidentally removed from a parallel universe inhabited by well-known historic characters. Unlike the historical war period known to us, all inhabitants in this unique world look like high school girls. Coming from the medieval era and finding themselves totally amazed by everything they encounter in modern day Tokyo, the girls become best friends through their adventures. (Source: Crunchyroll) The 15th Pokemon movie and the 2nd 'Best Wishes!' movie. It will feature the legendary Pokemon Kyurem (appearing also in its new Black Kyurem and White Kyurem formes.) The Legendary Musketeer Pokemon-Cobalion, Terrakion and Virizion-will appear alongside their newly revealed 4th member, Keldeo. In the all-new story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass power for his little sister Nunnally, who loves Alice in Wonderland. The Straw Hat Pirates enter the rough seas of the New World in search of the hidden treasures of the Pirate King, Gol D. Roger－One Piece. On their voyage, the pirates come across a terrifying, powerful man, former Marine Admiral Z. Z is accused of having stolen the "Dyna Stones", weapons believed to have the power to shake up the New World. The Marine Headquarters believes Z is about to use it to end the pirate era, and with it, the lives of many innocent people. In fear of such a phenomenal event, marines start to take action against the former admiral. Even if it means stumbling upon marines and the navy, the Straw Hat Pirates decided to chase after Z and stop him from causing havoc. As they continue to embark on their ventures, the pirates bump into new and familiar acquaintances. The story is set during the middle of Japan's historic Edo period. It centers around Toriyama Sekiei, an eccentric but brilliant artist who only draws supernatural creatures—because he draws the creatures he actually encounters in his life. The god of war and guardian of his namesake planet, Mars, was once sealed away by Seiya, but time has passed and his revival is at hand. Meanwhile, Saori Kido (Athena) is raising the boy Kouga, whose life Seiya saved, and he's been training every day to become a Saint in order to prepare for the coming crisis... Unaware of his destiny, when Kouga awakens to the power of his Cosmo hidden inside him, the curtain will rise upon the legend of a new Saint. (Source: ANN) In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a dimwitted Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines. However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members: Pink Oomiya. Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world. (Source: ANN) The story of the new film is set in Sweetsland, a country next to Jewelland. Ruby and the other Jewelpets are celebrating the birthday of the princess with dancing. However, during the preparations for the birthday party, a mysterious object appears from the skies. In the object is a Sweetspet boy, whose identity is unknown. (Source: ANN) About thirty years prior to the start of Hagure Yuusha no Aesthetica , a number of selected people from Earth were summoned to other worlds with only about half of them being able to return. One of the young people chosen was Akatsuki Ousawa, who was sent to Alayzard to defeat the Dark Lord Garius, which he did, before returning to his original world. Some of the successful chosen ones brought back little trinkets as souvenirs. Akatsuki, on the other hand, went a different route—he brought back the defeated Dark Lord's daughter, Miu, who is now posing as his long lost little sister! Upon returning, Akatsuki and Miu are forced to join a special school called BABEL where they must train to one day master the powers they gained in Alayzard, in hopes that they will one day be able to serve mankind. Will Akatsuki and Miu be able to keep her true identity a secret or will their plan to live peaceful lives together go up in flames? Buta the sword for hire is recruited by the Tufugu Pirates on their voyage to seek a stockpile of treasure. On board he discovers the child Kitsune locked away below deck. After some misunderstandings and with the promise of more money, the two of them go on their own adventure. (Source: BakaBT) Puka Puka Juju is one of the four anime works that each received 38 million yen (about US$470,000) from the "2011 Young Animator Training Project." Just like in 2010, the animation labor group received 214.5 million yen (US$2.65 million) from the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs, and it distributed most of those funds to studios who train young animators on-the-job. Two recap specials titled "Fate/Zero Remix I" and "Fate/Zero Remix II" serve to summarize the first 13 episodes of Fate/Zero. The fairy tale follows a young man named Guskou in the Tohoku forests of northeastern Japan in the 1920s. After an onslaught of droughts and natural disasters, Guskou is forced to leave his home and search for a better life elsewhere. Guskou joins a group of scientists at the Ihatov Volcano Department, which deals with the same natural disasters that drove Guskou from his home. (Source: ANN) An OVA based on the WAFFLE game. The story follows Ryuuto Hende, a soldier with unbelievable luck who was assigned to the province where a succubus is drying out men to death, and the local "first lady", who happens to be sexually frustrated. The H-parts show mostly a big-breasts theme and mutual love/appreciation. Anime shorts of the 3DS game "Kid Icarus: Uprising", known as "Shin Hikari Shinwa: Palutena no Kagami" in Japan. Episode 1 - Thanatos Rising Animation: Production I.G Director: Junichi Fujisaku Episode 2 - Medusa's Revenge Animation: Studio 4°C Director: Kazuto Nakazawa Episode 3 - Palutena's Revolting Dinner Animation: SHAFT Director: Akiyuki Shinbou April Fools' Day announcement of a purported anime adaptation of Owari no Chronicle , the prequel light novel series to Kyoukai Senjou no Horizon . The 24th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongisde the 15th movie of the Pokémon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes!: Kyurem vs. Seikenshi". It will star the recently unveiled Pokémon, Meloetta, in its Aria and Pirouette formes. Mako, Miko, and Mutsuko are three young girls visiting St. Claire Elementary, a school filled with strange legends. They have an abrupt encounter with Kunstrijk, a human body anatomy model, and Goth, a skeleton model. Both haunt the soon-to-be-demolished science room. Seeking revenge for being vandalized by the three girls, Kunstrijk invites them to the school's midnight party in order to scare them. Together, the five go on a quest to collect three mythical medals that can grant a wish and hopefully save the science room. (Source: ANN) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Yoshino Takigawa, an ordinary teenager, is secretly dating his best friend Mahiro's younger sister. But when his girlfriend Aika mysteriously dies, Mahiro disappears, vowing to find the one responsible and make them pay for murdering his beloved sister. Yoshino continues his life as usual and has not heard from Mahiro in a month—until he is confronted by a strange girl who holds him at gunpoint, and his best friend arrives in the nick of time to save him. Yoshino learns that Mahiro has enlisted the help of a witch named Hakaze Kusaribe to find Aika's killer and of the existence of an entity known as the "Tree of Exodus." The witch's brother selfishly desires to make use of its power, in spite of the impending peril to the world. However, Hakaze is banished to a deserted island, and it is now up to Yoshino and Mahiro to help her save the world, while inching ever closer to the truth behind Aika's death. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Satoshi, Iris & Dent continue their travels through the Isshu region. After successfully winning his 8th Gym Badge against Homika in Tachiwaki City, Shirona invites everyone to stay at her villa in East Isshu, where old friend Hikari is also staying, and participate in the Pokemon World Tournament Junior Cup before Satoshi participates in the Unova League. Team Rocket, meanwhile, initiate their final plan for the Isshu region-what is their purpose in  their desire for the legendary Pokémon Meloetta? Promotional short for Pokemon Black and White 2. Animated short produced for SSK Foods Co., Ltd. featuring its brand mascots. It was posted directly on the website of SSK Foods. Due to the influence of someone who visited her town when she was a child, Princess Mikoto of Elua decides to become a hunter and search for treasure all over the land of Driland. She sets out on her journey with her personal assistant Wallens, but they are soon joined by Pollon, a hunter who dreams of being a hero, and Paan, a wandering knight. As they continue their exploration they begin to sense great danger drawing near. In the southern country of Banana island, the energetic princess and his humble servant Banna invite Anpanman and his friends to their biggest festival "Banana Matsuri". But when they arrive a stormy and cold day bestows the island and withers all the Banana crop. While searching for the cause on the Banana Mountain a water monster appears that threatens to take back the island to the water world. With the help of Banna, can Anpanman and his friends rescue the island from this crisis? A world where the existence of magic has been known for a century as a mysterious power to rival science. However, the discovery of MISO — the Material of an Impediment to the Sorcerer's Orders — made magic into not a special power, but a technique that can be raised. One morning, while Shōta Hacchōya (a high school boy attending a magic academy) was tasting miso soup, a princess of Majieeru suddenly breaks in. Majieeru happens to be the birthplace of magic. (Source: ANN) Dispersed around the world, there are several bizarre labyrinths hiding incredible treasures within them. These mysterious places, known as "Dungeons," are said to be the work of Magi, a class of rare magicians, who also help people build their empires by guiding them to a dungeon. Djinns, supernatural beings that rule over the labyrinths, grant successful conquerors access to their immense power and choose them as potential king candidates to rule the world. Having spent life in isolation, Aladdin, a kind and young magician, is eager to explore the world upon finally leaving his home behind. He begins his journey only accompanied by his mentor Ugo—a djinn that Aladdin can summon with his flute. However, Aladdin soon becomes friends with the courageous Alibaba Saluja after causing the destruction of a local merchant's supply cart. In order to pay for the damages, Alibaba suggests that they attempt to conquer the nearest dungeon, taking the first step in an epic adventure that will decide the fate of the world itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the eight-minute video to celebrate Cinnamoroll's tenth anniversary, the white puppy takes a nap and falls into an abandoned amusement park where he meets the rabbit Chocolat. (Source: ANN) Second season of Hiiro no Kakera. A promotional video for Hagure Yuusha no Estetica, with a little battle against Queen's Blade: Rebellion characters, as the first part. The second part is the real preview Hagure Yuusha no Estetica. Nanami Momozono dreams of living a normal life, just like any other average high school girl. Instead, she must cope with the fact that her deadbeat father accumulated a bunch of gambling debts and abandoned her. And since she can't afford to pay the rent, she's now homeless. Despite this unfortunate turn of events, Nanami still maintains a kind heart. One day in the park, she saves a poor man from a vicious attack, and in a perfect example of how good deeds are rewarded, the man thanks her by giving her his home. The offer sounds suspicious, but beggars can't be choosers. When Nanami arrives at the man's home, however, she discovers it isn't a house at all. It's a shrine. She learns that the man she saved was actually a god and that by giving her his home, she has now assumed his godhood and all of the duties that go along with it. The role seems daunting but it turns out that the previous god had a familiar named Tomoe. A powerful and skilled fox demon, Tomoe should be able to help Nanami transition into her new role as a deity... if the two of them don't kill each other first, that is. Kamisama Hajimemashita follows Nanami's life as a human god, her quest to win Tomoe's trust, and the romantic feelings she develops for him along the way. The game and anime follow Kon Hokaze, a boy who embarks on a journey from our world to an alternate world known as Mira, which is full a mysterious energy known as Alma. After saving Princess Ecarlate from attackers, he soon finds himself in the middle of a struggle around Alma. Meloetta has throat trouble, Pikachu and Snivy search for the Rinka Berries for her throat cure. Meowth and Wobbuffet run after Meloetta. The 23rd Pikachu short, bundled with the August 2012 issue of Shogakukan's Ciao shoujo magazine. (Source: AniDB) Set before the events of Sweets Dance Princess, it focuses about My Melody's summer camping in Mary Land and how her friendship with Kuromi is becoming better, despite the upsetting experiences and misunderstandings she had during camp. (Source: ANN) Double feature with the first Jewelpet film, Jewelpet Movie: Sweets Dance Princess . Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc. The movie transports the Precure into a world inside a picture book, where they are guided by Nico, a mysterious inhabitant of the picture book world. Lovely, but with a dark heart. The hand-to-mouth life of a strange yellow and black creature named "Wooser". Lovely but with a dark heart, the new hero (?) from the depths of the internet is appearing on TV and Nico Nico Video! "My favorite things are meat and money and girls," he says, but what are his cute, round eyes staring at? (* Probably meat, money, or girls) The strange hand-to-mouth life of this strange creature is now being animated by Sanzigen, famous for their 3D CG animations! Do note that the dot in the middle is supposedly a mouth, not a nose. (Source: Crunchyroll) A retelling of the Arlong Park arc, with new animation. Three kids are stuck in a strange city causing massive mayhem through the land. They are searching for an atypical rabbit in order to return home. Koto, the eldest of the three, seems to have some sort of connection to this weird place ruled by a monk, a demon, and a priest. *The Second OVA of Kono Dan series. They say look before you leap and make sure you can swim before you go in the deep water, but when a picture of his late grandfather falls into the ocean, Shima jumps in after it without thinking. Nearly drowning as a result, he is instead saved by a very perfect stranger... one whose strangeness extends to only being human from the waist up! For Shima, who's always felt like a fish out of water himself, it's more than just a revelation, and the young man and merman quickly begin to bond in ways neither anticipated. And yet, it's going to be far from easy sailing. After all, Shima and Isaki aren't just from opposite sides of the tracks, they're from entirely divergent species, and swimming in separate gene pools may make maintaining a long term relationship a whole different kettle of fish! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The continuation of Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal. A new enemy has been revealed - Barian. They wish to gather the "Numbers" and destroy the Astral World to avoid their own world's destruction. As such, Yuma and his friends are their prime target, and the Barian begin to slowly enter Heartland City. The 6 short "Chibi Style" Specials on each of the Blu-rays/DVDs. DVD/BD Extras. Picture dramas included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. DVD bundled with the limited edition of the 10th volume of the manga, previewing the upcoming TV anime and including footage that will not be used in the series. Recap featuring fairies with new narration by Watashi. The story of the Hand Island no Bouken special is set a little before the events of One Piece Film Z and depicts a major "Hand Island" incident during the New World storyline. The story is set at "Cannon Town" where a parent and a child work as craftspeople. The incident revolves around them and a commodore of a marine base. The special will also have a flashback scene to the story in the first chapter of the manga, but with new animation. (Source: ANN) Bundled with the PSP pirate romance role-playing game One Piece Romance Dawn: Bouken no Yoake (ワンピース ロマンスドーン 冒険の夜明け). Note: This game is not based on "Romance Dawn," Oda Eiichirou's prototype manga for what would eventually become One Piece. Instead, the title reflects the fact that the game covers the "Romance Dawn" arc of the manga, at the "dawn" of pirate Luffy's adventures in the East Blue. (Source: ANN) An exclusive anime prologue to One Piece Film Z with an original story penned by manga creator Eiichiro Oda. (Source: ANN) A short special aired in the middle of information about Yu-Gi-Oh! with real people. Kotori takes Yuma to the gymnastics club at their school to cheer on her friend. There they meet the ace of the club, Kimura Taiki, who plans to quit after a recent loss at a competition. To cheer him up, Yuma challenges him to a duel. Recap of first 8 episodes of the second season, narrated by Yuma and Astral. Special in which the fairies hold a round table discussion. Summary and commentary for each episode by the main characters Kyoto Animation commercial. Kyoto Animation commercial. Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. A boy saves a strange, space-manipulating creature from certain death, but she doesn't seem to be grateful! Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Short movie shown at three locations: Children's Museum Noshiro in Akita Prefecture, Tsukuba Expo Center in Ibaraki Prefecture, and Osaki Lifelong Learning Center in Miyagi Prefecture. The third "Megumi to Taiyou" CM for Meiji's Kajuu Gummi candies.  Based on a children's book of the same name. A kappa and his mother live by themselves in the river. He makes friends with the village children until one day a child drowned by accident due to his neglect. The village adults deemed the kappa family at fault and they were going to be eliminated until a plague hit the village. People started dying but the kappa family had a cure. By using the potion knowledge of his mother and the special mortar deep under water, together they were able to make medicine to save the villagers. But after the events, can either group forgive each other?  A boy awakens to the sound of someone crying for help. Looking around he notices he is on a body of water. Upon looking at his hands, he realizes he has been transformed into an Oshawott. He panics, and then finds himself plummeting toward then ground. He then wakes up again to find himself in a forest, with a female Pikachu leaning over him, asking if he's okay. (Source: Bulbapedia) Precocious ten-year-old Yugo, a village girl who is also a student of martial arts, meets a white "liger", a half lion, half tiger creature born from a magic stone. It introduces itself as Lala. Shocked that she can understand the animal's language, Yugo chases it up a mountain where a waiting Cloud Whale swallows them both whole. Inside its giant stomach, there are many different creatures being transported to Animal Paradise, a fantastical kingdom that welcomes only 99 chosen ones every ten years. However, human beings are forbidden in the kingdom, any that remain for more than three days will be transformed into an animal forever. To return home, Yugo seeks the help of the seemingly ferocious Uncle Bear, a black bear with a sharp tongue but a gentle heart. As time is running out for Yugo, she and Lala uncover Tiger General's devious plot to open a magical portal into Lala's world and turn every human into an animal. (Source: Wikipedia) A fantasy-like short where 3 humanoids meet a mystical cube in a chamber and develop different ways of flight. Yuuta was 12-year-old boy, who had lost his father in the traffic accident one year ago. In the summer vacation, he visited a deserted dam deep in the mountains, where he had a good time with his father before. Suddenly a thunder storm occurred and he slipped on the ground. He lost consciousness and woke up to find a girl and an unfamiliar village. He time-traveled 30 years and reached a village, which sank at the bottom of the dam. This is Yuuta's precious memory of "another" summer vacation. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yuji disappeared the fateful night he was supposed to choose between a life combating evil by Shana's side or as a normal teenager. He returns from near-death to lead the Crimson Denizens in a dubious plot to bring peace to the universe, but Shana isn't fooled. In an explosive reunion, the fiery warrior faces her unlikeliest of foes while Flame Hazes from across the world join forces to ignite a war that will determine the fate of all supernatural kind. (Source: FUNimation) As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Ash Ketchum, headed off to the Unova region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Hoenn and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Trip and the region's Professor Juniper, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Cilan, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Straition City Gym Leaders. OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. One year has passed since Guts left the Band of the Hawk and Griffith was imprisoned by the Kingdom of Midland for treason. In the dead of night, at a camping site where they hide, the Band of the Hawk is attacked by Bakiraka assassins led by Silat. When all seems lost, Guts returns from his journey. "You destroyed everything." Crying that Griffith is nothing without Guts, Casca and Guts are joined together body and soul. Griffith is imprisoned in the oldest building in Wyndham Catle, the Tower of Rebirth. They discover that Griffith has been tortured, with the tendons of his legs and arms severed and his tongue removed. Seeing Guts and Casca pitying him, Griffith drags his body along the ground. At that moment, the Egg of the King Behelit that he had thought lost returns to his hand. The Behelit resonated with Griffith's despair and screams, causing a shockwave that creates a twisted dimension. The God Hand descends. A nightmare of magnificent violence erupts as a horde of apostles devour the Band of the Hawk. This is the birth of the fifth guardian and the beginning of an age where darkness overcomes all light. The god of war and guardian of his namesake planet, Mars, was once sealed away by Seiya, but time has passed and his revival is at hand. Meanwhile, Saori Kido (Athena) is raising the boy Kouga, whose life Seiya saved, and he's been training every day to become a Saint in order to prepare for the coming crisis... Unaware of his destiny, when Kouga awakens to the power of his Cosmo hidden inside him, the curtain will rise upon the legend of a new Saint. (Source: ANN) Due to the influence of someone who visited her town when she was a child, Princess Mikoto of Elua decides to become a hunter and search for treasure all over the land of Driland. She sets out on her journey with her personal assistant Wallens, but they are soon joined by Pollon, a hunter who dreams of being a hero, and Paan, a wandering knight. As they continue their exploration they begin to sense great danger drawing near. In her admiration of Shiny Chariot, a famous witch renowned for her unorthodox yet enchanting spells, Kagari Akko, an ordinary girl, joined Witch Academia in the hope of someday becoming as spectacular as Shiny Chariot. She is determined to become a graduate of Witch Academy and make her dream come true despite not being from a lineage with witchcraft and wizardry. The story takes places when Akko, along with her two best friends, Lotte Yansson and Sucy Manbavaran, take their first lessons to become witches; however, Akko is furious when she finds out that Shiny Chariot is not as popular in the world of the witches as she had thought. At the stroke of midnight, the Dark Hour appears—a secret hour which most are unaware of. Those not trapped in coffins during this time, unfortunate enough to find themselves conscious, are met by dangerous creatures known as Shadows. A select few, however, possess the potential to wield Persona: a special power used to defeat these beings. This secret group is called SEES (Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad), and their mission is to uncover the reason behind the Dark Hour's appearance. Only a short while after transfer student Makoto Yuuki begins his residency at Iwatodai Dorm, his Persona awakens after an attack by a strong Shadow. Now recruited into the ranks of SEES, he begins fighting alongside his comrades, as only they can protect humanity from Shadows and prevent the anomaly that is the Dark Hour. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The game and anime follow Kon Hokaze, a boy who embarks on a journey from our world to an alternate world known as Mira, which is full a mysterious energy known as Alma. After saving Princess Ecarlate from attackers, he soon finds himself in the middle of a struggle around Alma. Illyasviel von Einzbern is an ordinary elementary school student who becomes a magical girl when the magical Kaleidostick Ruby deems her a more suitable master than the sorceress, Rin Tohsaka. Rin, who had been tasked by the wizard Zelretch to collect the seven Class Cards containing the spirits of Heroic Spirits from legend, finds that she is unable to change Ruby's mind and must supervise Illya in completing the task of collecting the Class Cards. During Illya's adventures, she receives a friend and rival in a girl named Miyu, the contracted master of the Kaleidostick Sapphire, which similarly abandoned its original master and Rin's rival, Luvia Edelfelt. (Source: Wikipedia) Fifteen years have passed since the war between humans and demons began. Dissatisfied with their slow advance into the Demon Realm, the Hero abandons his companions to quickly forge ahead towards the Demon Queen's castle. Upon his arrival at the royal abode, the Hero makes a startling discovery: not only is the Demon Queen a woman of unparalleled beauty, but she also seeks the Hero's help. Confused by this unexpected turn of events, the Hero refuses to ally himself with his enemy, claiming that the war the demons have waged is tearing the Southern Nations apart. However, the Demon Queen rebuts, arguing that the war has not only united humanity but has also brought them wealth and prosperity, providing evidence to support her claims. Furthermore, she explains that if the war were to end, the supplies sent by the Central Nations in aid to the Southern Nations would cease, leaving hundreds of thousands to starve. Fortunately, she offers the Hero a way to end the war while bringing hope not only to the Southern Nations, but also to the rest of the world, though she will need his assistance to make this a reality. Finally convinced, the Hero agrees to join his now former enemy in her quest. Vowing to stay together through sickness and health, they set off for the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Dragon Ball Z Movie 14: Kami to Kami brings Gokuu, Vegeta, Piccolo and your other favorite characters back for a new revitalization of the Dragon Ball universe. Enter Beerus, the God of Destruction. Having awoken from his slumber, Beerus seeks to find an opponent worthy of challenging his power. After being shocked to learn that Frieza has been defeated by a Saiyan, Beerus sets out to analyze the legend of the Super Saiyan God in order to find his ultimate opponent. His destination: Earth, home to the few survivors of the Saiyan race. And if a Super Saiyan God is not there, the Earth's destruction will just have to do as entertainment. How will Gokuu and friends fare against a god that is even feared among the other gods? Fifteen-year-old Izumiko Suzuhara just wants to be a normal girl, but that is easier said than done. Raised in a shrine deep in the mountains, she grew up extremely sheltered and painfully shy. She also has the unfortunate tendency to destroy any electronic device simply by touching it. Despite this, she still wants to try and change her life. To mark her determination to follow through on this transformation, Izumiko begins by cutting her bangs, which shocks both her classmates and protectors. And that's only the start! Her guardian, Yukimasa Sagara, forces his son, Miyuki, to come to the mountain shrine and become Izumiko's lifelong servant and protector. Too bad Izumiko and Miyuki cannot stand each other. They have known each other since they were children, and Miyuki bullied her terribly. He simply does not understand what is so special about Izumiko. His father calls Izumiko a goddess, but that cannot be true…can it? Will Izumiko and Miyuki work past their differences? Is she actually a literal goddess? Find out in RDG: Red Data Girl ! After fainting at work, a young lady awakens in the back room of the café she works at with no memory of her life or those around her. Two of her friends, whom she soon learns are named Shin and Toma, are called to help her get home safely. Once she is alone, she meets a spectral boy named Orion that only she can see and hear. He explains that she lost her memories because of his chance visit to her world, so he vows to help her remember who she is. However, regaining her departed memories without worrying those around her may be more difficult than she realizes. In addition to the gloomy Shin and the protective Toma, she must be wary of arousing the suspicions of the captivating Ikki, the quick-witted Kent, and a mysterious man who lurks in the distance. As her amnesia entangles her in the lives of each of these men, her fragmented memories return piece by piece, and the mysteries of her circumstances slowly come to light. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc. Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasukabe are extraordinary teenagers who are blessed with psychic powers but completely fed up with their disproportionately mundane lives—until, unexpectedly, each of them receives a strange envelope containing an invitation to a mysterious place known as Little Garden. Inexplicably dropped into a vast new world, the trio is greeted by Kurousagi, who explains that they have been given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to participate in special high-stakes games using their abilities. In order to take part, however, they must first join a community. Learning that Kurousagi's community "No Names" has lost its official status and bountiful land due to their defeat at the hands of a demon lord, the group sets off to help reclaim their new home's dignity, eager to protect its residents and explore the excitement that Little Garden has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The continuation of Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal. A new enemy has been revealed - Barian. They wish to gather the "Numbers" and destroy the Astral World to avoid their own world's destruction. As such, Yuma and his friends are their prime target, and the Barian begin to slowly enter Heartland City. The village of Ootsuka—home to Shino Inuzuka, Sousuke Inukawa, and Hamaji—was lit on fire under the preconception that a virus had seen all of its life eradicated. Now surrounded by flames and on the verge of death, the three were approached by a strange man holding a sword. He tells them that they must reach a decision if they want to live. That night changed everything for these children. Five years later, the family of three now lives under the watchful eye of the small Imperial Church in a nearby village. All is fine and dandy until the Church attempts to reclaim the demonic sword of Murasame . To accomplish this, they kidnap Hamaji to lure Shino, now a bearer of Murasame's soul, and Sousuke, who possesses the ability to transform into a dog. The brothers must put their differences aside to rescue their beloved sister from the Church in the Imperial Capital, signalling the beginning of a very difficult journey. Once upon a time, the demon lord Rchimedes spread terror throughout the world, until he was eventually sealed away by the legendary hero Creasion. Since then, a thousand years have passed peacefully. However, a mysterious hole has opened up between the demon and human spheres, and countless demons have surged into the human realm once more. Coming to the conclusion that Rchimedes would soon return to wreak havoc, a human king summons the possible descendants of the legendary hero—all 75 of them. Unfortunately, after so long, it was too difficult to pinpoint his true descendants. Among the lionhearted prospects is the amateur adventurer Alba Frühling. His skills may not be top-notch, but he is accompanied by the talented soldier Ross, who helps the young hero whenever he is in a pinch...or at least, he is supposed to. Though undoubtedly a skilled warrior, Ross is actually both sarcastic and sadistic, and hence revels in Alba's suffering. Senyuu. is a comedic adventure following the unlikely duo as they struggle in their endeavor to defeat the demon lord, meeting various eccentrics along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Striking fear into the hearts of mortals, the Demon Lord Satan begins to conquer the land of Ente Isla with his vast demon armies. However, while embarking on this brutal quest to take over the continent, his efforts are foiled by the hero Emilia, forcing Satan to make his swift retreat through a dimensional portal only to land in the human world. Along with his loyal general Alsiel, the demon finds himself stranded in modern-day Tokyo and vows to return and complete his subjugation of Ente Isla—that is, if they can find a way back! Powerless in a world without magic, Satan assumes the guise of a human named Sadao Maou and begins working at MgRonald's—a local fast-food restaurant—to make ends meet. He soon realizes that his goal of conquering Ente Isla is just not enough as he grows determined to climb the corporate ladder and become the ruler of Earth, one satisfied customer at a time! Whether it's part-time work, household chores, or simply trying to pay the rent on time, Hataraku Maou-sama! presents a hilarious view of the most mundane aspects of everyday life, all through the eyes of a hapless demon lord. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on a manga "Noroiya Shimai" written by Hirarin and serialized in Monthly Comic Ryuu. It is a story about a pair of sisters who work as "noroiya" (cursers) using magic in a fantasy world. One day a big tree suddenly appears in a forest, and tall buildings that look like they are from our world can be seen entangled in it. The two sisters go there to investigate and get ported to our world. They then encounter two children who are startled by the sisters' sudden appearance and rush back home but at home they see their parents turned into monsters... (Source: MAL News) Uzume Uno is a young student and former champion of a trading card game competition. She is trusted with a special device containing five powerful Fantasista Dolls. These dolls are sentient virtual beings who reside in cards which are now controlled by their new master, Uzume. (Source: ANN)  Charley, a cyborg vampire who does the Vatican's dirty work, is the thrall of the local vampire playboy Johnny Rayflo. As the two fight crime—and each other—hilarity, violence and sacrilege ensue! But can Charley resist his own desperate cravings for blood? Find out as the devilish duo go up aginst a childlike vampire princess, a mysterious branch of the Unitarian Church...and one another. (Source: Tokyopop) God has abandoned the world. As a result, life cannot end nor can new life be born, and the "dead" walk restlessly among the living. Granting one last miracle before turning away forever, God created "gravekeepers," mystical beings capable of putting the dead to rest through a proper burial. Ai Astin, a cheerful but naïve young girl, serves as her village's gravekeeper in place of her late mother. One day, a man known as Hampnie Hambart, who is supposedly Ai's father, arrives and kills all the people in her village. Having lost her village and with no plans for the future, Ai decides to accompany the mysterious man on his journey. As she travels the land, the young gravekeeper strives to fulfill her duties, granting peace to the dead and assisting the living, while at the same time learning more about the world that God left in this tragic state. [Written by MAL Rewrite] While in search of his precious friend, a young boy named Nai falls captive to a beautiful woman, whose looks are matched only by her taste for human flesh. Meanwhile Gareki, a clever thief, is in the midst of robbing her luxurious home. After causing a distraction, Gareki agrees to help Nai escape, but they are discovered upon the woman's return. As she transforms into a ghoulish monster, the boys flee. On the run, Nai and Gareki are found by "Circus," a government defense agency that deals with criminal activity too difficult for the police to handle and protects civilians from "varuga"—terrible monsters that devour humans for sustenance. In the hope that it will lead Nai to his missing friend, he and Gareki decide to join Circus. On their perilous journey, they face dangerous varuga and begin to uncover the secrets behind a shadowy organization known as Kafka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Long ago, all humans lived beneath the sea. However, some people preferred the surface and abandoned living underwater permanently. As a consequence, they were stripped of their god-given protection called "Ena" which allowed them to breathe underwater. Over time, the rift between the denizens of the sea and of the surface widened, although contact between the two peoples still existed. Nagi no Asukara follows the story of Hikari Sakishima and Manaka Mukaido, along with their childhood friends Chisaki Hiradaira and Kaname Isaki, who are forced to leave the sea and attend a school on the surface. There, the group also meets Tsumugu Kihara, a fellow student and fisherman who loves the sea. Hikari and his friends' lives are bound to change as they have to deal with the deep-seated hatred and discrimination between the people of sea and of the surface, the storms in their personal lives, as well as an impending tempest which may spell doom for all who dwell on the surface. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After years of fruitless war between the four realms of Gamindustri (Planeptune, Lastation, Lowee and Leanbox) over Share energy, the source of their strength based on how much their people have faith in their goddesses, the four CPUs that rule over them have finally signed a friendship treaty. The treaty bans any attempt at claiming Share energy through military force, in hopes of bringing peace and prosperity to their worlds. Yet, a month after the treaty, Neptune, the CPU Goddess of Planeptune, spends her time goofing off and playing games rather than doing her job, leaving her land's Shares plummeting. Choujigen Game Neptune The Animation follows Neptune and her friends' attempts at raising Shares, while dealing with an external threat that could spell the end of both the Goddesses and Gamindustri itself... The stage is the close of the Edo period, an age when, not unlike our own time, both natural and man-made disasters left chaos in their wake. Manjiro makes a living helping the people of the troubled capital city, but behind the scenes, he also works in secret to take back precious belongings stolen from the people by unjust political powers and conspiratorial menaces. The people call him "Get-backer Roman." (Source: Crunchyroll) Haimura Kiri is a seemingly ordinary boy with one slight problem: he is obsessed with cutting other people's hair. One day he meets Mushiyanokouji Iwai, the "Hair Queen" who cannot cut her hair because of an inherited curse. Kiri finds out that his scissor, "Dansai Bunri no Crime Edge" is the only thing that can cut them. But little did he know that their meeting sparked the start of an old murder game to kill the "Hair Queen" using the cursed killing tools, the "Killing Goods." Can Kiri protect Iwai from the Killing Goods Owners? Let the game begin! (Source: MU) Vanquished Queens OVAs depicts what happened to various characters who were absent in Queen's Blade: Rebellion and what happened to them after Queen's Blade: Utsukushiki Toushitachi. Aida Mana is a girl who is always eager to do things for the sake of others. One day, when she was visiting the Clover Tower during her school's orientation program, an enemy who called themselves "Selfish" appeared suddenly, and tried to manipulate her inner heart! To fight this enemy, she borrowed power from a magical fairy Sharuru to transform into Pretty Cure! To protect the peace of the world, other legendary Pretty Cure soon joined her in battle! A mysterious baby also appears, making each day a "Heartthrob" experience! The 4 Cures, always holding "love" in their hearts, are battling for the world's fate! (Source: Asahi TV) Izayoi, Asuka, and You have been invited to participate in a Gift-Game at a hot spring village to help the small community there find a new water source. OVA bundled with the eighth volume of the light novel. Centuries ago, mankind was slaughtered to near extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called titans, forcing humans to hide in fear behind enormous concentric walls. What makes these giants truly terrifying is that their taste for human flesh is not born out of hunger but what appears to be out of pleasure. To ensure their survival, the remnants of humanity began living within defensive barriers, resulting in one hundred years without a single titan encounter. However, that fragile calm is soon shattered when a colossal titan manages to breach the supposedly impregnable outer wall, reigniting the fight for survival against the man-eating abominations. After witnessing a horrific personal loss at the hands of the invading creatures, Eren Yeager dedicates his life to their eradication by enlisting into the Survey Corps, an elite military unit that combats the merciless humanoids outside the protection of the walls. Based on Hajime Isayama's award-winning manga, Shingeki no Kyojin follows Eren, along with his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman and his childhood friend Armin Arlert, as they join the brutal war against the titans and race to discover a way of defeating them before the last walls are breached. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Every 30 years, a new princess is chosen from the Hime family to serve the Hayagami. The time has come again, but over these past years, records state not a single female has been born, save for one, the 15-year-old Arata. The only problem is, Arata is actually a male! Forced to disguise himself and take the place of the princess candidate until a formal one can be found, he attends the festival only to witness the current princess, Kokuri-hime, murdered, and his own life is forfeit as well, by the hands of the princess' personal guard, the 12 Shinshou. As he runs for his life, Kannagi of the 12 convinces everyone that Arata is the one who has murdered the princess instead, and now everyone in the Imperial Court is after his head! (Source: MU) Deep in the countryside, a man named Okina works as a bamboo cutter in a forest, chopping away at the hollow plants day after day. One day, he discovers a small baby inside a glowing shoot. He immediately takes her home, convinced that she is a princess sent to Earth as a divine blessing from heaven. Okina and his wife Ouna take it upon themselves to raise the infant as their own, watching over her as she quickly grows into an energetic young girl. Given the name Kaguya, she fits right in with the village she has come to call home, going on adventures with the other children and enjoying what youth has to offer. But when Okina finds a large fortune of gold and treasure in the forest, Kaguya's life is completely changed. Believing this to be yet another gift from heaven, he takes it upon himself to turn his daughter into a real princess using the wealth he has just obtained, relocating the family to a mansion in the capital. As she leaves her friends behind to enter into an unwanted life of royalty, Kaguya's origins and purpose slowly come to light. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The 25th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongside the 16th movie of the Pokemon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes! Season 2: Shinsoku no Genosect". The 16th Pokemon movie and the 3rd "Best Wishes!" movie. Direct continuation of the previous season. Full CG series about a 3 fairies who ramble over about random subjects in 3 locations. Episode 13 that was included on the Blu-ray. The story revolves around William, an aristocratic family's progeny with rare intellect. One day, his uncle lost his possessions after his business failed. Fearing that his family's name has been tarnished, William returns home and searches with his family's butler for anything that can be converted into cash. A search of the premises yields an underground room left by an ancestor. In the room is a magical seal, and William unintentionally summons a devil. The summoned devil tells William his name Dantalion, and reveals that William is the designator who can choose the acting ruler of the demon world. (Source: ANN) Mukoujima Takurou is a lonely teenager who spends his time fishing at the pier and, to his incredible surprise, fishes up Muromi, a mermaid. Muromi first off doesn't realize she's a mermaid until she meets Takurou. Not only that, she is incredibly dense and crazy and has a drinking problem to top it off. Now every time Takurou goes fishing, Muromi appears and makes life interesting for him. (Source: MU) Bundled with Hiiro no Kakera Taizen, a comprehensive illustration book on the six-year history of Idea Factory's Hiiro no Kakera romance game franchise, the OVA reveals the private lives of the five main characters. In this new series, Satoshi, Pikachu and friends start a new journey towards the "White Ruins." There, they meet the young "N", who can hear the voices from Pokémon's hearts... The door of truth leading to an Utopia for Pokémon and humans now lies open! (Source: AniDB) Based on chapters 11-13 of the original manga with additional content written by the manga author. The story will be told from Tenpou's point of view. During the early 20th century, along with technological advancements, scientists were able to develop sophisticated magic. The combination of science and sorcery was Makinot, circuits made from spells that were put into objects to bring them to life and even gain a personality. It was developed as a military weapon and has now spread throughout the world. Akabane Raishin is now attending the Royal Academy to become the best in the world. Accompanied by the lovely teenage girl Yaya, who is actually Raishin's puppet weapon, he plans on rocketing to the top of the class. However, his test scores come nearly dead last although his combat skills and determination are second to none. Raishin has to compete with the deadliest of classmates if he wants to come out as the king. (Source: Moetron) In the blink of an eye, thirty thousand bewildered Japanese gamers are whisked from their everyday lives into the world of the popular MMORPG, Elder Tale, after the game's latest update—unable to log out. Among them is the socially awkward college student Shiroe, whose confusion and shock lasts only a moment as, a veteran of the game, he immediately sets out to explore the limits of his new reality. Shiroe must learn to live in this new world, leading others and negotiating with the NPC "natives" in order to bring stability to the virtual city of Akihabara. He is joined by his unfortunate friend Naotsugu, having logged in for the first time in years only to find himself trapped, and Akatsuki, a petite but fierce assassin who labels Shiroe as her master. A tale of fantasy, adventure, and politics, Log Horizon explores the elements of gaming through the eyes of a master strategist who attempts to make the best of a puzzling situation. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mana is given a wedding dress which was worn by her mother and grandmother. All of sudden a mysterious man named Matthew appears and takes her to the past world. Mana is so glad to meet her grandmother and her beloved dog Maro that she had a long time ago, but she can't find two of her best friends Rikka and Alice. It looks her precious memories have been changed somehow. If things continue as is, the future will be ruined, too. The Precure girls have to fight to protect their memories and future!! (Source: Crunchyroll) Unaired episodes of Senyuu. released with BD/DVD volumes. 1. Yuusha, Nagurareru. / Nise Panda no Seitai (Vol. 1) 2. Shitsujichou no Tabi Sono 1 (Vol. 2) 3. Shitsujichou no Tabi Sono 2 (Vol. 3) 4. Gakuen Senyuu.: Seishun Monogatari (Vol. 4) The series focuses on the main heroine Chiari Tsukikage and her friends on managing the Jewelpet Cafe. One day at the magical world of Jewel Land, Lady Jewelina entrusted Ruby the Magical Jewel Box with a mission to make friends and collect Magic Jewels. At the same time she needs to attend the Jewel Academy to do so and open a shop called the Jewelpet Cafe. However with her friends, things didn't go well as planned with several failed mishaps happened to her and the students being scared, in the point of Ruby giving up. But when she met a young girl named Chiari Tsukikage and decides to help, Ruby's life is about to change forever. Now, she and her friends now must work together for the cafe to prosper, stick together through good and bad luck as well as protecting the Jewel Box from being stolen. (Source: Jewelpet Wikia) In Feudal Japan, the people of Edo are under siege by giant insects that ravage the land. The people desperately beg the government to do something about it. Thus the Insect Magistrate Office is established, gathering strong warriors to defend against the onset of pests. Mushibugyou follows Jinbee Tsukishima, a young man striving to be a master swordsman like his father. To atone for a horrific incident that occurred at his fault, Jinbee seeks to take his father's place as a member of the Insect Magistrate Office. On his journey there, he meets the lovely Haru, a young woman who helps manage her family’s tea house, and is forced to put his sword to good use in saving her from a grisly fate. This act of bravery that earns him a spot in the Insect Magistrate. Will this rookie exterminator be able to rid the land of the horde of insects swarming in? This special is showing a day of Eclair's life as a prologue to the movie Houou no Miko. The story is set in Aquafall, a fantasy world abound with water and greenery, and populated by dragons and fairies. Meteorites suddenly bring forth evil creatures that threaten all living things on the planet. The fairy Syrup assembles the Aquafall Defense Force, with three girls of the dragon clans as recruits. The story follows Syrup and the dragon girls Leviathan, Bahamut, and Jörmungandr as they work together to battle enemies and grow up. (Source: ANN) The new Toriko movie, planned for Summer 2013. A recap of episodes 1-9 of Maoyuu Maou Yuusha. Bundled with the ninth limited-edition volume of the manga. After their encounter with Team Plasma, Satoshi, Iris and Dent start a new journey in the Decolora Islands. Kyoto has been populated by groups of tanuki and tengu for years, living alongside humans who are oblivious to the existence of these creatures. Yasaburou Shimogamo is the third son of an influential tanuki family who spends his carefree days taking care of an old tengu, observing humans through his ability to shapeshift, and dealing with the mysterious woman named Benten. Behind the peace and tranquility, however, is a painful memory from long ago as Yasaburou's father, head of the tanuki community, was killed and eaten by a group of humans known as the Friday Fellows. Uchouten Kazoku follows the trials and tribulations of the Shimogamo brothers as they struggle to avoid their own grisly demise while coming ever closer to unraveling the truth behind their father's death. [Written by MAL Rewrite] New series of Tanken Driland with brand new casts. Second season of Hakkenden: Touhou Hakken Ibun. After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt—a mysterious country ruled by magicians—to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin's words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively. Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mirai Kuriyama is the sole survivor of a clan of Spirit World warriors with the power to employ their blood as weapons. As such, Mirai is tasked with hunting down and killing "youmu"—creatures said to be the manifestation of negative human emotions. One day, while deep in thought on the school roof, Mirai comes across Akihito Kanbara, a rare half-breed of youmu in human form. In a panicked state, she plunges her blood saber into him only to realize that he's an immortal being. From then on, the two form an impromptu friendship that revolves around Mirai constantly trying to kill Akihito, in an effort to boost her own wavering confidence as a Spirit World warrior. Eventually, Akihito also manages to convince her to join the Literary Club, which houses two other powerful Spirit World warriors, Hiroomi and Mitsuki Nase. As the group's bond strengthens, however, so does the tenacity of the youmu around them. Their misadventures will soon turn into a fight for survival as the inevitable release of the most powerful youmu, Beyond the Boundary, approaches. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kojou Akatsuki's days as an ordinary high school student in the Demon District of Itogami Island come to an abrupt end after a fateful encounter leaves him with the remarkable abilities of a vampire. It isn't long before he is thrust into the center of attention when it is discovered that he is the fourth primogenitor, an immensely powerful vampire whom most consider to be merely a legend. Fearing Kojou's destructive potential, the Lion King Organization sends in an apprentice sword-shaman, Yukina Himeragi, to monitor, and should he become a threat, kill the boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire. Forced together by circumstance, the two form an unlikely alliance as Kojou comes to terms with his abilities and they both struggle to protect the city from various emerging chaotic forces. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This short movie that was screened simultaneously with a Anpanman movie - Sore Ike! Anpanman: Tobase! Kibou no Handkerchief . 25th Anpanman movie. Screened simultaneously with Minna de Teasobi: Anpanman to Itazura Obake . In a town far away, Lucy, Natsu and Happy, from Mashima's Fairy Tail manga, are on a mission to find a troublemaker and deal with her. Due to unknown circumstances they get separated. The same happens to Elie and Haru, from Mashima's Rave Master manga. Lucy and Elie manage to meet each other and together they try to find their respective partners. Bundled with the 12th, 13th, and 14th limited-edition manga volumes. Episode 1: An old journal is found by Hange with the help of Levi and Erwin when they conduct the surveillance operation outside the wall. The contents of "Ilse's Journal" result in some unexpected actions from Hange. Episode 2: Another story of the 104th Trainee Squad. Episode 3: Depicts a "memorable episode before the 104th Training Corps became unified." (Source: MAL, ANN) Second season of Senyuu. Two OVA episodes bundled with the 16th volume of the manga. One of the included episodes is based on the story from the 15th volume, while the other contain an all-new original story. (Source: ANN) Dreaming of becoming a hero and vanquishing the Demon King, Raul Chaser enters the Hero Training Program in pursuit of his ambition. However, when the Demon King is defeated and peace returns to the world, the Hero Training Program is suspended indefinitely, making it impossible for anyone to become a hero. Two years later, Raul reluctantly works at a small electronics store called Magic Shop Leon. Though the former hero-in-training is plagued by the mundanity of working in retail, everything changes with the arrival of a new hire. Appearing at first to be just a boy with good looks, "he" turns out to be a female demon by the name of Fino Bloodstone. She is not just any old demon either—Raul's new coworker is in fact the daughter of the late Demon King! Handed the responsibility of training this eccentric new employee, Raul soon finds his life becoming livelier than it ever was before. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story is set in December of 2199, when the streets are full of anticipation for the end of the year and the start of the new one. Amid the celebrations, word spreads that Ragna the Bloodedge, an SS-class rebel with the highest ever bounty on his head, has appeared in the 13th Hierarchical City of Kagutsuchi. The apparent aim of Ragna or the "Grim Reaper" is the destruction of the system controlling the world. To collect the bounty, a motley array of unrivaled fighters converge on Kagutsuchi. (Source: ANN) A new original animated story included on a bonus mail-order DVD eligible for readers of LaLa's August, October and September 2013 issues. Movie for the Shimajirou children's series. The original story is set before Mewtwo meets Satoshi and his friends in the upcoming film's storyline. It will focus on Mewtwo's history, goals, and how it became the strongest Pokémon. Specials bundled with each of all five Blu-ray/DVD volumes. The story arcs aboard the Straw Hat Crew's first ship Going Merry (Merry Go in some adaptations) are recreated with brand-new animation, from Luffy and Usopp's fight and Robin's disappearance to the crew's final farewell to the ship. Going Merry is treated as another member of the Straw Hats as Luffy, Zoro, Nami, and the rest of the crew set sail for the legendary treasure, the One Piece. (Source: ANN) Recap of the events in Shingeki no Kyojin that happened prior to episode 14. Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Having a light novel author father and an eroge illustrator mother, Kanou Shinichi is a thoroughbred otaku. However he does not have any special power except for his broad knowledge, sharp insight, and impeccable instinct about "MOE" and its products, from manga to anime to games to light novel to figures. One day he found himself transported to a fantasy world where elves live and dragons fly. And he is given a task—not to fight monster or embark on a quest, but to enhance cultural exchange by becoming a "moe missionary" in this fantasy world! He meets a palace guard who has a bit of fujoshi taste, a half-elf maid, and the empress who is a little girl. He comes up with the idea of building a school. At first it runs as a comedy but later there are serious matters that Shinichi needs to face: ethnic discrimination, social problems, conflict with neighboring countries, sabotage by opposition elements including Japanese government, etc. Can he overcome the obstacles, successfully bring "moe" culture to the fantasy world, and help the people there as well? A new special mini corner airing after the rebroadcast version of TV series. Short specials added to DVDs and Blu-rays. The opening animation of the compilation movie, Short Peace. *Based on a manga of the same name by Ichikawa Haruko, serialised in Afternoon. In the distant future, a new life form called Houseki is born. The 28 Houseki must fight against the Tsukijin who want to attack them and turn them into decorations, thus each gem is assigned a role such as a fighter or a medic. Though she hopes to fight the moon people, Phos is a gem who is given no assignment until the gems' manager Kongo asks her to edit a natural history magazine. Note: A promotional video that was released through YouTube in commemoration of the publication of the manga's first volume. (Source: AniDB) Special episode included with the Blu-ray box set of the original Jewelpet Tinkle anime series. The story takes place in a time when the world is in the pits of despair after being ravaged by a poison called "shinobi" that came to earth via an asteroid. The people run away to the place called "Kairiku," a place that used to be the bottom of the ocean. Here, the people try and protect themselves against the effects of the poison. In such a world, there was a single light of hope. The "Holy Weapon Giga Road" and the legendary warrior "Yagyuu" are needed in order to counter the effects of the poison. In order to save the world, Ame, a princess of a fallen nation, stands up in order to save the world. (Source: ANN) "Kuiba" is back in cinemas with its second franchise "Battle of Yuan Yang World." An innocent soul, or a demon within? The plot of "Kuiba 2" picks up where the first film left off. Raised by a kind-hearted stepfather, 8-year-old Manchi is enlisted in the legion of warriors to fight "Kuiba" the devil. (Source: CCTV.com) Hidden within Kyoto is the "mirror capital" where youkai and humans live together and no one ever dies. It is protected by three people—Kurama, Yase, and Myoue—as they await the return of their parents, Myoue Jonin and Koto. One day, a young girl named Koto (same name, different spelling) and her little brothers A and Un wander into the city from a different dimension looking for her mother. A mecha-geek with red eyes, it's not immediately clear whether she's human or youkai. Her arrival upsets the long peace that had ruled the city. (Source: ANN) In the new series, Miraitchi and Kururutchi, twin sisters who dream of becoming designers, travel from the future back in time to modern-day Dream Town. (Their names are a wordplay on the Japanese words for "future" and "miracle.") To get back to the future, they must collect all eight Dreambakutchi — mysterious Tamagotchi who have escaped throughout the town. Mametchi joins Miraitchi and Kururutchi on their mission to find the Dreambakutchi, but then, an enigmatic Tamagotchi named X-Kamen (X-Mask) appears. (Sourse: ANN) In the year 2047, mankind discovered a rare metal ore called "Gaimetal", which possessed a huge amount of energy, and mining for these strange metal ore begins all over the world. However, in 2075, humankind were been constantly attacked by Gaist, a race of metallic creatures whose bodies were encrusted with Gaimetal, thus forming the GCG (also known as "Gaist Crusher Garrison"), an organization tasked with dealing against the Gaist. In 2064, the GCG send out mankind's line of defense: the Gaist Crushers, humans who can wear a special Gaimetal armor called "Gaist Gear", and battle the Gaist,as well as the threat opposed by a mysterious organization called "Erasers". (Source: Wikipedia) Yui wants to see a whale so Kirito suggests a quest where she can meet them. However, it turns out that Leafa cannot swim so Asuna and the other female characters decide to train Suguha in a real-world pool in preparation for the aforementioned quest. Meanwhile, Kirito meets a certain someone. Pokémon are marvelous creatures that come in a variety of types and sizes, with abilities, powers, and personalities as diverse as they are numerous. Doctor Yukinari Ookido has dedicated his life to studying these fascinating beings, that can be caught, trained, traded, and battled against each other. There's only so much he can do from his lab though. With this in mind, Ookido entrusts two young boys with a Pokémon of their own and a computerized encyclopedia to catalog them. One of them, Green, is brash, passionate, slightly arrogant, and Doctor Ookido's own nephew. The other boy, Red, is equally passionate, and filled with a wide-eyed, mildly naive sense of wonder. Pokémon: The Origin follows Red in his journey through the region of Kanto in his attempt to complete his "Pokédex" by capturing and cataloging all the Pokémon that exist. Along the way he'll discover there's more to himself and his goals than he originally thought. Red will have to put both himself and his Pokémon to the test in special Gyms whose leaders are steps along the way to the Pokémon League, in order to challenge the Elite Four and become a Pokémon League Champion. Aside from his goals to become a Champion, Red has other problems brewing. There are others who capture and train Pokémon for more sinister reasons, with the infamous criminal organization Team Rocket being one of them. If Red can defeat them, fellow trainers, his rival Green, and wild Pokémon all through Kanto, he just may fulfill his own dream, and Doctor Ookido's as well. Animated adaptation of old Japanese folk tales with the modern twists by Keiko Sootome. Driven to recover her memories after waking in a coffin at the bottom of a lake 20 years ago, Bayonetta hunts down the forces of Heaven day and night in search of clues to her forgotten past, and to uphold her pact with the demonic forces she draws her powers from as an Umbra Witch. She is armed and guided by the mysterious bartender and weapon-smith, Rodin, and following her every footstep is the intrepid journalist, Luka Redgrave, who believes that she has something to do with the death of his father and will stop at nothing to get the truth. Her quest takes a promising turn when she encounters a little girl named Cereza, but standing in her way is a rival Umbra Witch named Jeanne, who works for the very forces that she should be opposing. Bayonetta: Bloody Fate is an action-packed anime film that explores the connection between all of characters and works to unravel just how they are seemingly entwined in a conspiracy that eclipses them all. Animate Tokuten for purchasing all 6 volumes of TV Anime Series. The contents of the OVA are from the Drama CDs. Hinata is very good at drawing and falls in love with his classmate, Shigure; however, Hinata is not good at talking to people, so he keeps his feelings in his imagination and drawings. Then, Shigure's family decides to move to another town. On the day of their move, Hinata says to himself, "I must tell her my feelings!" and starts to chase after the train which is taking Shigure away. (Source: MAL) Recaps of ONA (Episode 0) and 2013 TV Anime Series (Episode 10.5). Dent and Takeshi! Gyarados's Outrage!! is the first spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia) Special Movie screened at the Konica Minolta Planetarium "Manten" in Tokyo, Japan. A young girl is transported to a magical world by a storefront bear in this anime short by Studio Colorido. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The film is based on the Jules Verne novel "Adrift in the Pacific: Two Years Holiday" published in 1888. A group of youngsters find themselves adrift at sea, and after a terrible storm they are cast upon a deserted island, where they must learn to get along with each other in order to survive. On this occasion, the human protagonists are replaced by cats. Recap of the first six episodes of Log Horizon, aired between episode 6-7. Original animation to be included in the BD and DVD volume releases of Machine-Doll wa Kizutsukanai. Volume 1: "Soshite Futari wa Manabisha e (And So They Arrive at School)" Volume 2: "Irori, Rotenburo de Sosou suru (Irori Has an Accident at the Open-Air Bath)" Volume 3: "Char and Frey, Senritsu no Bathroom (Charl, Frey, and the Bathroom of Terror)" Volume 4: "Akabane Nadeshiko, Natsu no Yo no Yume (Nadeshiko Akabane, Midsummer Night's Dream)" Volume 5: "Kojin Jugyou: Imishitsu de Bijo Futari to~ (Private Lesson - Two Beauties in an Infirmary)" Volume 6: "Bishoujo Shuugou! Mizugi Darake no Daisoudou (Pretty Girls Gather! Swimsuit-Stubbed Pandemonium)" SPring-8 Angstrom Compact free electron LAser's (SACLA) 5 minute pencil and watercolor anime short  narrated by Mamiko Noto and music by twoth. Recap aired between episodes 58 and 59. RIKEN's (The Incorporated Administrative Agency Rikagaku Kenkyusho) promotional video with animation by Mirai Mizue and music by twoth. Prequel special to the Pokemon XY series. Recap episode. Mattsu and Yamma are two boys who live in Matsuyama. Their favourite pastime is looking for "the seven wonders of Matsuyama". One day, two men appear. What are the 7 hidden gems that they seek? Moburi, a high school girl who is like an older sister to the boys, also gets caught up in the adventure as this thriling story set in Matsuyama begins. Faced with all kinds of trouble, what will they choose for the future of their city? (Source: Official Site) When a girl named Rainie runs away from home after her mom forgot about her birthday, she is magically transported from the big city to an enchanted jungle in an unfamiliar land where she meets Blue. With the help of Blue's grandfather and their newfound friend Mulla, they embark on an epic adventure to help Blue become the leader he is destined to be and save the rainforest from the villainous Boss Cain. (Source: Wikipedia)  “Ghost” is an online mobile game that Ye Yinyi always dreamed of completing, and to that end, has poured his blood and tears into it, even missing a date with his girlfriend. However, he learns about an alarming monster attack on a young woman near his house, a photograph of which shows the monster to bear a resemblance to the monster he designed. Why is the world of his mobile game appearing in real life? Johnsen Kubbe's picture book adaptation. Each story is split into two videos titled "prequel" and "sequel" for a total of 24 episodes. Three young friends skipped class and went to an Internet Cafe to play games but were caught by a female class monitor. One returns home, but the other two choose to purchase a mysterious game CD from the sexy female shopkeeper. When they start playing, they suddenly get transported to the game world. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Welcome to the Gourmet Age, where happiness is measured by what you eat. In an era in which life revolves around fine cuisine, people will go to great lengths to procure special ingredients which have the power to turn a nice meal into a heavenly delight. However, since these delicious additives usually come from rare, powerful creatures, Gourmet Hunters are called upon to gather them. The International Gourmet Organization has the utmost power in this world, and is responsible for maintaining the balance of the distribution of ingredients worldwide. One day, Chef Komatsu is sent on a mission to locate one of the most renowned Gourmet Hunters in existence, Toriko, and to hire him for a very special job. However, astounded by Toriko's skill and unbelievable passion, what started out as a simple mission gradually grows into a deep friendship. Combine the talents of Gourmet Hunter Toriko, who dreams of creating the ultimate Full Course meal, and Chef Komatsu, who aspires to one day become a Master Chef, and the recipe for success may just be discovered. From the dawn of time, there have been warriors who protected the Goddess Athena. Once forces of evil appear, these warriors, called the Saints will present themselves. A young woman, Saori Kido, learns about this force known as "Cosmos" and that she is the reincarnation of Athena, protector of love and peace on Earth. However, the Pope of the Sanctuary, who is in the charge of all the Saints, does not take kindly to Saori, and targets her for usurping the identity of Athena. An assassin is sent out to kill her. Fortunately, one of the Bronze Saints, Seiya, manages to protect her. But will Seiya be able to protect Saori through to the end in the gripping saga of Saint Seiya: Legend of Sanctuary ? Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans) The god of war and guardian of his namesake planet, Mars, was once sealed away by Seiya, but time has passed and his revival is at hand. Meanwhile, Saori Kido (Athena) is raising the boy Kouga, whose life Seiya saved, and he's been training every day to become a Saint in order to prepare for the coming crisis... Unaware of his destiny, when Kouga awakens to the power of his Cosmo hidden inside him, the curtain will rise upon the legend of a new Saint. (Source: ANN) The continuation of Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal. A new enemy has been revealed - Barian. They wish to gather the "Numbers" and destroy the Astral World to avoid their own world's destruction. As such, Yuma and his friends are their prime target, and the Barian begin to slowly enter Heartland City. Long ago, all humans lived beneath the sea. However, some people preferred the surface and abandoned living underwater permanently. As a consequence, they were stripped of their god-given protection called "Ena" which allowed them to breathe underwater. Over time, the rift between the denizens of the sea and of the surface widened, although contact between the two peoples still existed. Nagi no Asukara follows the story of Hikari Sakishima and Manaka Mukaido, along with their childhood friends Chisaki Hiradaira and Kaname Isaki, who are forced to leave the sea and attend a school on the surface. There, the group also meets Tsumugu Kihara, a fellow student and fisherman who loves the sea. Hikari and his friends' lives are bound to change as they have to deal with the deep-seated hatred and discrimination between the people of sea and of the surface, the storms in their personal lives, as well as an impending tempest which may spell doom for all who dwell on the surface. [Written by MAL Rewrite] As a trainee of Santa Company, Noel White prepares for her test to become an official Tonttu, her assignment being "To find the most important thing for a Santa Claus." The deadline nears with an answer yet to be found, when a single letter from a child arrives late at the company. As the letter is about to be handled as a defect, Noel and friends set out on an adventure for the present - but will Noel find the answer to her assignment? Set a year after the events of the novel. In the blink of an eye, thirty thousand bewildered Japanese gamers are whisked from their everyday lives into the world of the popular MMORPG, Elder Tale, after the game's latest update—unable to log out. Among them is the socially awkward college student Shiroe, whose confusion and shock lasts only a moment as, a veteran of the game, he immediately sets out to explore the limits of his new reality. Shiroe must learn to live in this new world, leading others and negotiating with the NPC "natives" in order to bring stability to the virtual city of Akihabara. He is joined by his unfortunate friend Naotsugu, having logged in for the first time in years only to find himself trapped, and Akatsuki, a petite but fierce assassin who labels Shiroe as her master. A tale of fantasy, adventure, and politics, Log Horizon explores the elements of gaming through the eyes of a master strategist who attempts to make the best of a puzzling situation. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt—a mysterious country ruled by magicians—to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin's words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively. Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kojou Akatsuki's days as an ordinary high school student in the Demon District of Itogami Island come to an abrupt end after a fateful encounter leaves him with the remarkable abilities of a vampire. It isn't long before he is thrust into the center of attention when it is discovered that he is the fourth primogenitor, an immensely powerful vampire whom most consider to be merely a legend. Fearing Kojou's destructive potential, the Lion King Organization sends in an apprentice sword-shaman, Yukina Himeragi, to monitor, and should he become a threat, kill the boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire. Forced together by circumstance, the two form an unlikely alliance as Kojou comes to terms with his abilities and they both struggle to protect the city from various emerging chaotic forces. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the 12th, 13th, and 14th limited-edition manga volumes. Episode 1: An old journal is found by Hange with the help of Levi and Erwin when they conduct the surveillance operation outside the wall. The contents of "Ilse's Journal" result in some unexpected actions from Hange. Episode 2: Another story of the 104th Trainee Squad. Episode 3: Depicts a "memorable episode before the 104th Training Corps became unified." (Source: MAL, ANN) Tatsuko of class 5-1 is really excited about the upcoming school sports festival, her proposal for a new "Eel Scooping" event is less than enthusiastically received though, especially by Suzuka. Illya mentions the main event dance to Miyu, and as teacher Taiga Fujimura points out, it entails a huge reward, but will require quite a bit of practice. And so the close friends: sarcastic Nanaki, level-headed Suzuka, excitable Tatsuko, energetic Illya, shy Mimi, and reserved but athletic Miyu are off to win the dance event for the honour of their class and for Fujimura, who seems to have some saucy bet going on that she most definitely needs to win, or so the girls misunderstand. (Source: AniDB) Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Abandoned by their abusive parents and with only each other to depend on, siblings Utsutsu and Yume Hasegawa find themselves led astray by beautiful red butterflies that have appeared in their world. Unbeknownst to them, these crimson winged heralds trumpet the beginning of a cannibalistic nightmare—a mysterious virus known as Pupa is about to hatch. After succumbing to the full effects of Pupa, Yume undergoes a grotesque metamorphosis into a monstrous creature with an insatiable desire for flesh; Utsutsu, on the other hand, is only partially affected, gaining remarkable regenerative powers instead. Reaffirming the resolve to keep the promise he made to himself years ago, Utsutsu is willing to sacrifice everything in order to always be there for his precious little sister. Pupa tells the story of a loving brother's desperate struggles to save his sister, while protecting the world from her uncontrollable hunger. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is a remake of the 1982 film, Doraemon: Nobita's Great Demon , which was written by original Doraemon co-creator Fujiko F. Fujio. (Source: Wikipedia) The world as we know it is actually just half the story, as Takeshi Nanase finds out abruptly one summer morning. On his way to kendo practice, Takeshi comes across an unconscious girl in a uniform he doesn't recognize. Takeshi does the decent thing and saves her, and in return the girl wakes up and accidentally turns him into a magic-user. As Takeshi finds out, there is the world he lives in and the world of magic users. Most magic users just want to peacefully coexist with non-magicians, but there are some with bigger ambitions. Mui Aiba is a magician enrolled in the Subaru Magic Academy, where magic users can learn to control and channel their powers and how to live in peace with regular humans. After his fateful encounter with Mui, Takeshi and his newly magician friends Kurumi Isoshima and Kazumi Ida decide to enroll in the Magic Academy as well. All three friends have different reasons for fighting on, whether they're fighting to escape the past or catch up to the future. They wield different kinds of powers, which they must learn to harness in order to fight off the Ghost Trailers, a group of magicians who are willing to use violence to assert their superiority over humans. Pursued by the Ghost Trailers, Takeshi and his friends must train to become stronger, face the leader of the Trailers, and prevent the beginning of the Second Great Magic War. "Kuiba III" is the third film of the "Kuiba Pentalogy" animated film series. The film reveals the entire line-up of the Kuiba Legion, "Twelve Devils" and the mysterious character that will appear in the show—Ao Jiang. At the same time, one of the film's animated scenes shows the earthshaking take of the ultimate showdown between Kuiba's pulse beast and the Lion pulse beast. (Source: Original translation by thanatoz of rayout.org) No Game No Life is a surreal comedy that follows Sora and Shiro, shut-in NEET siblings and the online gamer duo behind the legendary username "Kuuhaku." They view the real world as just another lousy game; however, a strange e-mail challenging them to a chess match changes everything—the brother and sister are plunged into an otherworldly realm where they meet Tet, the God of Games. The mysterious god welcomes Sora and Shiro to Disboard, a world where all forms of conflict—from petty squabbles to the fate of whole countries—are settled not through war, but by way of high-stake games. This system works thanks to a fundamental rule wherein each party must wager something they deem to be of equal value to the other party's wager. In this strange land where the very idea of humanity is reduced to child’s play, the indifferent genius gamer duo of Sora and Shiro have finally found a real reason to keep playing games: to unite the sixteen races of Disboard, defeat Tet, and become the gods of this new, gaming-is-everything world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Wooser no Sono Higurashi . Episode 13 of Kamisama no Inai Nichiyoubi , included in the final Blu-ray/DVD volume of the series. This bonus episode is separated into three parts. In the first part, taking place before the characters reach Ostia, Ai and the others visit a hot spring. In the second part, Alice remembers the times he killed his classmates and encounters Hampnie Hambart. A battle ensues. In the third and final part, Hampnie dreams of when he first met Hana and is then woken up by Ai. (Source: Wikipedia) Hell is a bureaucracy, and business is running smoother than ever thanks to the demonic efficiency of Hoozuki, chief deputy to Lord Enma, the King of Hell. Whether offering counsel to the Momotarou of Japanese folklore or receiving diplomatic missions from the Judeo-Christian Hell, the demon who runs the show from behind the king's imposing shadow is ready to beat down any challenges coming his way into a bloody pulp. Metaphorically, of course... The poster boy for micromanagement and armed with negotiation skills worthy of Wall Street, Hoozuki no Reitetsu follows the sadistic and level-headed Hoozuki as he spends his days troubleshooting hell. With an abundance of familiar faces from popular Japanese legends and East Asian mythology working middle management positions, this referential and anachronistic dark comedy brings new meaning to the phrase "employer liability." Just how hard could it be to manage employees from hell, anyway? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune: The Animation, included in the 7th BD/DVD volume. The magical girls are back, and ready for another round of adventure! After successfully recovering the Class Cards, fifth graders-turned magical girls Illya and Miyu think they can finally take it easy. But as fate would have it, the girls are once again called back into active duty when they find out that the Cards have left some very nasty side effects on their world. However, their seemingly easy mission goes totally awry with the appearance of a dark stranger who looks just like Illya! Who is this new but familiar face, where did she come from, and what does she want from Illya? With the arrival of this new foe, it seems like Illya's finally met her match when her everyday life takes one dark turn! (Source: Crunchyroll) The story is set in the not-so-distant future. Five "Black Points" suddenly appeared around the world as portals to parallel worlds. Immediately after, strange creatures began their invasion from these portals. These creatures are the inhabitants of five worlds—the same worlds in different timeframes. In order to ensure their own future timeframe survives, each of the five invasion forces battle to wipe the other future timeframes out. The key is one card-shaped device. (Source: ANN) Unaired episode that was released with volume 9 of the light novel. Raul had always wanted to be a hero, but failed the exams necessary to become one. He reluctantly took a job working at a small electronics store called Magic Shop Leon. His life is dull but busy until a new girl comes applying for a part time job. She's the daughter of the demon king who defeated him in his exam. (Source: Crunchyroll) During a winter walk, Natsume meets a snowman youkai who is searching for something she's lost and can't seem to recall and decides to help her despite not knowing what exactly she's looking for. Hitsugi no Chaika is about the quest of a pretty and charming 14-year old sorceress named Chaika Trabant, who carries a coffin on her back. She is surprisingly adept in casting high-precision spells, but she has no memory of her past. The only thing she knows is to gather the scattered remains of Emperor Gaz. Toru Acura is a Saboteur who relies on his adoptive sister Akari for their food. After the fall of Gaz Empire, he finds it difficult to land a job until he meets Chaika in the woods, and agrees to help her accomplish her quest along with Akari. The unlikely trio sets on the journey with a clear goal in mind, unaware of the dangerous truth. There is a tiny island floating on the other side of a distant sea. Strange animals, still unknown to humans, live there. One of the island's children, Paroru, comes across a photo of the human world one day, and fascinated by this beautiful wonder, breaks the rules and rushes out of the island. Paroru and others are surprised and excited to see the human world for the first time. However, unforeseen pitfalls await them there... Can they safely reach their journey's destination? (Source: ANN)  What does it take to conquer the world?! Every leader of the past has thought of it... but all they have done was to merely dream of its greatness. World domination... nobody has been able to achieve it. Until one little girl by the name of Kate Hoshimiya came along. Kate Hoshimiya will shock the world! How was she able to carry out such a magnificent stunt? So frightful! So glorious! Could this be... the Zvezda Plot?! Let the light of our great Zvezda shine upon this land far and wide! (Source: Aniplex USA) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Learning to ride and tame dragons comes easy to most students at Ansarivan Dragonar Academy—except for first-year student Ash Blake, who is known by his fellow classmates as the "number one problem child." Poor Ash is the laughing stock at school because, despite his unfashionably large star-shaped brand that marks him as a future dragon master, he has nothing to show for it. His dragon has never appeared. Until now, that is. One fateful day, Ash's dragon awakes in full glory, but appears different than any dragon ever seen before—in the form of a beautiful girl! What's worse, Ash soon discovers that this new dragon has attitude to spare, as she promptly informs him that she is the master, and he, the servant. Ash's problems with dragon riding have only just begun. (Source: ANN) Honoka Takamiya was perfectly happy with his completely average and normal life. His primary problem in life was the fact that he shared a school with the school's "Princess," Ayaka Kagari. Both girls and boys fawn over her which makes Honoka's life difficult since he rides the same bus as her in the morning and sits next to her in class. What's worse is that if he even idly interacts with her her fan club takes him out back and beats him up! One day while taking out the trash he looks up to see a school building falling on top of him! He is saved at the very last moment by the very same beautiful girl, Ayaka, that he's never even had a full conversation with. She finally speaks to him, revealing that she's been protecting him in secret, but now that someone is attacking him directly she no longer needs to do it covertly. It turns out that Ayaka is a fire witch and there are other witches in the world who want to capture Honoka and use him for the power that he possesses inside of him. This world has gone through many Dusks, and is slowly nearing its end. Within this world, in the western reaches of the "Land of Dusk," there was a nation that prospered thanks to its use of alchemy. There, in order to survive the eventual arrival of the "Dusk End," the people devoted their efforts to rediscover and recreate lost alchemic technologies. Rediscovered technology from the past era was gathered in the alchemy research city known as "Central," where research was conducted on how to halt the advance of the twilight. One of the heroes is a young man who researched alchemy in Central, the other a girl living in a small town on the frontier. This girl's name is Escha. In the process of using her knowledge of ancient alchemy to help others, she was assigned to the Development Department. The young man's name is Logy. Having learned the newest alchemic techniques in Central, he requested a transfer to this understaffed town to make use of his abilities, and meets Escha when he is assigned to the Development Department as well. The two make a promise to use their alchemy together, and bring success to the Development Department. (Source: Tecmo Koei Europe) A 45-minute special which adapts a two-chapter manga. Ginko finds himself in a village which falls victim to a mushi that blocks out the sun; however, one villager seems to benefit from this calamity. In the story, the Illusionary Empire led by Queen Mirage has begun attacking Earth. The Precure teams that are on every continent of the world fend off the rampaging Saiaaku, and word spreads on global television news about the Precure girls who fight for humanity. "Precure" becomes a common word throughout the world. (Source: ANN) As the season changes from spring to summer, Makoto Yuuki remains alongside the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad (SEES). The team continues to defeat Shadows large and small, but they now clash with a new enemy: Strega, a group of rogue Persona users who wish to keep the Dark Hour to their advantage—it seems that Strega may hold a clue to the Dark Hour's true nature. While SEES enjoys summer vacation in Yakushima, they are joined by Aegis, an amnesiac android designed to destroy Shadows. While she proves herself to be a powerful ally, she is inexplicably drawn to Makoto and constantly remains at his side. As they delve deeper into the mysteries of the Dark Hour, the nature of the mysterious connection that binds these two together is slowly unveiled. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yui Kusanagi, normal human girl, was suddenly transported to another world for a very special mission: to show the young gods of the divine realm what it means to be human. Over the years, these handsome young gods have lost their ability to empathize with or interact with humans. Anyone would be happy to be surrounded by such dizzyingly good-looking people, but the problem is, she only has one year to complete her mission, and if she fails, all of them will be stuck in this realm forever. With many of the gods showing great reluctance to even participate in the compassion project, Yui faces an uphill battle. Will she be able to convince them all to learn a lesson in humanity or will they all be stuck together for the rest of their lives? The story is set in Diamond Ore Country, of which Diancie is the princess.This is a country located deep underground, where the Pokémon Carbink live together in peace. The energy source of this country is a giant diamond called the Sacred Diamond, which can only be created by princess Diancie. However, the current princess doesn't yet possess the power to create such a diamond, and the current Sacred Diamond's power is soon going to run out, which would result in the end of the country. Diancie meets up with Ash and Pikachu, and set off together with them to search for the legendary Pokemon Xerneas, which possesses sacred power, but on the way, they find the cocoon where the Destruction Pokémon, Yveltal, who was said to have once destroyed life in Kalos, lies in wait. (Source: serebii.net) A thrilling tale in which a group of innocent pokemon get sucked into a world full of keys only to find themselves trapped. Will they ever escape? Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V centers around Yuya Sakaki, as he tries to escape from harsh reality by smiling. But one Duel leads him to make a determination to confront the difficulties and he will get the power of infinite possibilities. The show's main theme is "Take a step forward with courage!!" Yuya is a student at a preparatory school, learning to become an "entertainment Duelist," a type of professional Duelist. The story is set in Miami City on the coast of Japan. Leo Corporation is run by its president Reiji Akaba. Thanks to the spread of the company's "Solid Vision with mass," "Action Duels" are born in Miami City and has reached worldwide popularity. Children look up to star-level Pro Duelists, and they learn Summoning and Duel styles at various large and small cram schools, including the You Show Duel School that Yuya attends and the largest of such schools, Leo Duel School (LDS). (Source: Yu-Gi-Oh! Wikia, paraphrased from the V-Jump synopsis) Thousands of years ago, the ancient dragon Bahamut wrought havoc upon the land of Mistarcia, a world where both gods and demons live amongst mankind. Working together to prevent the world's destruction, the rival deities barely managed to seal Bahamut, agreeing to split the key between them so that the dragon would remain eternally imprisoned. With the world safe from the destruction of Bahamut, it is business as usual for bounty hunters like Favaro Leone. Living a laid-back, self-serving lifestyle, the amoral Favaro goes about his work while on the run from fellow bounty hunter Kaisar Lidfard, a righteous man who swears vengeance upon Favaro. However, Favaro's carefree life is thrown into chaos when he meets Amira, a mysterious woman who holds half of the key to the world's fragile peace. Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis tells the story of a group of unlikely heroes who find themselves caught in the middle of an epic clash between gods and demons, forced to carve their own path in the face of the imminent storm. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A year after escaping Sword Art Online, Kazuto Kirigaya has been settling back into the real world. However, his peace is short-lived as a new incident occurs in a game called Gun Gale Online, where a player by the name of Death Gun appears to be killing people in the real world by shooting them in-game. Approached by officials to assist in investigating the murders, Kazuto assumes his persona of Kirito once again and logs into Gun Gale Online, intent on stopping the killer. Once inside, Kirito meets Sinon, a highly skilled sniper afflicted by a traumatic past. She is soon dragged in his chase after Death Gun, and together they enter the Bullet of Bullets, a tournament where their target is sure to appear. Uncertain of Death Gun's real powers, Kirito and Sinon race to stop him before he has the chance to claim another life. Not everything goes smoothly, however, as scars from the past impede their progress. In a high-stakes game where the next victim could easily be one of them, Kirito puts his life on the line in the virtual world once more. [Written by MAL Rewrite] They existed long before anyone can remember. They are simple and strange in nature, not resembling any other plant or animal in this world. In ancient times, people revered these bizarre creatures and called them "Mushi." People once again began to believe in the existence of these "Mushi" when they began affecting their lives in inexplicable ways. The one who connects the world of "Mushi" to the world of humans—they were called the "Mushi-shi." All life exists not to hinder others in this world. They are simply there to live as they were meant to. (Source: Aniplex USA) Magic is what makes the fictional world of Earth-land go 'round, and its many mage guilds work together—or sometimes against one another—to bring balance to that world. Each guild flaunts unique features in hopes of being the best guild on the planet. Lucy Heartfilia, a 17-year-old girl, is desperately searching for the perfect guild. After running from her father, she wanders the city in search of Gold Keys, for they unlock the Celestial Spirits that are so vital for her magic. With so many wizards around, it's a journey that's very challenging and dangerous to go alone. Yet a fateful encounter with Natsu Dragneel (a wizard who largely resembles a dragon) leads her to a guild known as Fairy Tail , which soon becomes her new home. Her happiness amongst new-found friends is overshadowed by the evil powers of malicious guilds and the mysterious dark wizard Zeref. Their lives are about to take an unexpected turn as they battle evil, fight for their guild, and uncover fragments of their past. It will shake the foundations of who they are as people, and help explain why Earth-land has fallen into this state to begin with. Not so long ago, mysterious structures called dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned. In a Parthevia port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the Sun Kingdom, sunshine is part of its citizens' everyday lives, and rain is something that they have never even heard of. However, in a faraway land called the Rain Dukedom, the weather is reversed, and everybody has the power to create rain with their voices. Livius Ifrikia has conquered the entire world and expanded the Sun Kingdom's influence in the three short years since he was crowned king. Upon learning about the powers to create rain, Livius decides to marry Nike Remercier, one of the princesses of the Rain Dukedom. However, those outside the Sun Kingdom have spread a rumor that Livius is a cruel, ruthless, and tyrannical ruler, and as word reaches the princess, she begins to prepare herself for the worst. But when she finally meets her fiancé, Nike discovers that he is an entirely different person from what she originally expected. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Full of wonder and excitement, the Noah's Arc Circus troupe has captured audiences with their dazzling performances. Yet these fantastic acts don't come without a price. Children have mysteriously gone missing around London, correlating to that of the groups' movements. Unsettled by these kidnappings, Queen Victoria sends in her notorious guard dog, Ciel Phantomhive, and his ever-faithful demon butler, Sebastian Michaelis, on an undercover mission to find these missing children. Trying to balance their new circus acts with their covert investigation under the big top, however, proves to be quite a challenge. With the other performers growing suspicious and the threat of the circus' mysterious benefactor looming overhead, what the two discover will shake Ciel to his very core. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Night Raid is the covert assassination branch of the Revolutionary Army, an uprising assembled to overthrow Prime Minister Honest, whose avarice and greed for power has lead him to take advantage of the child emperor's inexperience. Without a strong and benevolent leader, the rest of the nation is left to drown in poverty, strife, and ruin. Though the Night Raid members are all experienced killers, they understand that taking lives is far from commendable and that they will likely face retribution as they mercilessly eliminate anyone who stands in the revolution's way. This merry band of assassins' newest member is Tatsumi, a naïve boy from a remote village who had embarked on a journey to help his impoverished hometown and was won over by not only Night Raid's ideals, but also their resolve. Akame ga Kill! follows Tatsumi as he fights the Empire and comes face-to-face with powerful weapons, enemy assassins, challenges to his own morals and values, and ultimately, what it truly means to be an assassin with a cause. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Momoko is a beautiful young sword fighter who was born inside a peach (momo in Japanese). She lives with her constant companions—the dog god Inugami, the monkey god Sarugami, and the pheasant god Kijigami—in a peaceful paradise. However, a demon army led by devil king invades the paradise and steals the precious treasure that protects Momoko's land. To retrieve the treasure and save the people, Momoko embarks on a great adventure with her three companions. (Source: ANN) The Juuza. That is the name given to those of the 13th Zodiac: the cat people. Seen as a vulgar and contemptuous race, they live a life of seclusion away from human eyes. However, as the end of the Han Dynasty draws near, the rise of the Yellow Scarves has thrown the land of the Three Kingdoms into turmoil. As armies converge, a young Juuza woman named Kan'u and her village are forced out of their peaceful lives as Sousou and his punitive force press their way into the village. The Holy Grail War is a battle royale among seven magi who serve as Masters. Masters, through the use of the command seals they are given when they enter the war, command Heroic Spirits known as Servants to fight for them in battle. In the Fifth Holy Grail War, Rin Toosaka is among the magi entering the competition. With her Servant, Archer, she hopes to obtain the ultimate prize—the Holy Grail, a magical artifact capable of granting its wielder any wish. One of Rin's classmates, Emiya Shirou, accidentally enters the competition and ends up commanding a Servant of his own known as Saber. As they find themselves facing mutual enemies, Rin and Shirou decide to form a temporary alliance as they challenge their opponents in the Holy Grail War. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the manga by Erect Sawaru. The children's anime revolves around Velonica, a high-handed and ultra-selfish little alien girl on the Galaxy Network, who begins to cause havoc on Earth. After a "fated encounter" with an Earthling boy, Velonica wavers between a possible budding romance with the boy and her dedication to the arts. (Source: ANN) In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war between the Kingdom of Krisna and the nation of Athens is brimming. The people of this land are able to use quartz for whatever purpose they desire. Yet one person, Rygart Arrow, is not. He is an "un-sorcerer," a person unable to use quartz. But this characteristic will enable him to pilot an ancient Golem, one strong enough to put up a fight against the invading army of Athens. In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others... Alka is an assassin for the Clan of the Sword. She's on a journey to find the woman Jin Valel, who killed her master Hon without feeling—not unlike how Alka has learned to kill in her work as an assassin. On her journey, Alka encounters three strange women, each a great warrior in her own right and grapples with her slain master's wish that she leaves the life of an assassin behind. (Source: ANN) Episode 1: Fuyujima ni Furu Sakura Diligent animators took Banpresto's "One Piece Cry heart ~Fuyujima ni Furu Sakura~" (One Piece Cry heart ~The Cherry Blossoms That Fall on Winter Island~) line of crane game prize figures and created a five-minute stop-motion short. The short recreates the famous "Hiluluk's Cherry Blossoms" scene from Eiichiro Oda's manga and anime One Piece. Episode 2: Fuyujima ni Furu Sakura A stop-motion animated video for Banpresto's "One Piece Cry heart ~children's dream~" line of crane game prize figures. The short recreates the famous "Oath of Brothers" scene from Eiichiro Oda's manga and anime. Episode 3: Ace no Saigo (Source: ANN) Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia) Through an unexpected turn of events, an ordinary elementary school student, Hiro Enryuu, finds himself in the world of the "Dragon Collection" game. This is a world called Dragon Earth, where gods, humans, and monsters exist side by side. Those who roam this world using a magic book, called a Grimoire, and cards to summon monsters and search for treasures that bear the powers of dragons are called Dracolle Battlers. Despite his bewilderment, Hiro becomes a Dracolle Battler and, together with the friends he meets there, begins his adventure to become a legendary Dragon Master! (Source: Crunchyroll) Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story. Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance takes place at a very prestigious school for holy shrine princesses called Areishia Spirit Academy. At this school, the girls train to be elementalists and try to form slave contracts with spirits so that they can compete in battles against one another. Only females have this privilege... at least until now. Kamito Kazehaya is a normal guy in pretty much all respects except for the fact that he's the first man in 1,000 years to be able to form a contract with a spirit (which he "stole" from a shrine princess named Claire Rouge). Additionally, the headmaster of the school, Greyworth, has summoned him to enroll and is forcing him to participate in a special tournament that will take place two months down the road. With Claire demanding that he become her contracted spirit, will Kamito even manage to survive the entire two months until the tournament takes place? TV anime adaptation based on the undead idol character Francesca to promote Hokkaido, Japan. (Source: MAL News) Last episode of Hipira-kun bundled with the DVD/Blu-ray release. The film's story is set in the Doll Kingdom where dolls reside. Happiness Charge PreCure are asked to help by a women named Tsumugi when the sudden appearance of Saiarks begin wrecking havoc upon the Kingdom. However all is not what it seems with the mysterious man Black Fang dwelling in the shadows. (Source: ANN) New series of Tamagotchi!. It's been seven years since an unusual saucer mysteriously appeared in the sky above Kiriya Lake. With no one knowing what this strange object was or where it came from, concern and panic spread amongst the people. But as time went on this occurrence went from oddity to tourist attraction. Before long, the world lost interest entirely, and the saucer remained nearly forgotten in the sky. Now, former resident Nonoka Komiya returns to the small town after seven years in Tokyo. With only vague memories of her time in the town, the appearance of a spritely girl named Noel causes Nonoka to slowly remember wishes she and four of her friends made in an old observatory. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Iris vs Ibuki! The Road to Become a Dragon Master!! is the second spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia) Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In Garo: Honoo no Kokuin , Makai Knights and Alchemists, those who are able to keep supernatural enemies at bay, are feared and hated in the kingdom of Valiante. Encouraging this fear is the king’s trusted advisor, Mendoza, who convinces him to launch an all-out purge. Those of Makai blood are hunted and imprisoned or burned at the stake for so-called witchcraft. However, a dark omen is cast over Valiante when the execution of the last “witch” ends in the birth of her child who is saved from the flames by his father, a Makai Knight. German spirits the baby Leon away from Valiante and raises him as a Makai Knight of the Garo armor. Now, they have been recalled to Valiante by the ever-increasing swarm of Horrors preying on unsuspecting civilians. With no Makai Knights left to defend them, the people are desperate. In answer to this desperation, Valiante’s Prince Alfonso sets out for help. How will these two sides clash? Will Leon and German be able to save their homeland? Veteran gamer Shiroe and other players have been trapped in the world of the online game Elder Tales for six months. The once chaotic city of Akibara has regained its everyday hustle and bustle following the formation of the self-governing organization Round Table Meeting. The earthlings, who are originally from the game world, have gained the trust of Shiroe by waging a defensive war against the Goblins in Zantleaf Region. This has led Princess Rayneshia of the Cowen family, the highest-ranking Earthling Aristocrats, to live in Akibara. It's almost winter and the Adventurers are thinking about what they're going to do and what their goals are in this other world. Will they remain in Akibara or go to the city of the West? Or will they travel to the land of the North or another faraway country? The opinions of the Adventurers begin to diverge. What adventures await the members of the Shiroe team in this second series of Log Horizon? (Source: NHK Enterprises) Bundled with seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kyoukai no Kanata . Episode 0 happens two years prior to the TV series when the Nase siblings meet Akihito for the first time in a mission for Hiroomi. Mitsuki follows her brother on this mission and their goal is to subjugate Akihito. (Source: MAL News) The unaired 13th episode of Sekai Seifuku: Bouryaku no Zvezda that will be included in Volume 7 of the BD/DVD. In this special, Kate and company will launch their own idol unit. (Source: Crunchyroll)  A shy little Carino Coni is a rabbit boy who just started to live alone in the forest away from his family. Everyday Coni's heart raises with joy playing with his siblings who lives nearby, but suddenly cries of lonesomeness, which he cannot explain. This story is about all heart warming stories Coni encounters, and how he himself become not so lonely anymore as he gradually grows up. (Source: playsetproducts.jp) In a world similar to the European Middle Ages, the feared yet revered Holy Knights of Britannia use immensely powerful magic to protect the region of Britannia and its kingdoms. However, a small subset of the Knights supposedly betrayed their homeland and turned their blades against their comrades in an attempt to overthrow the ruler of Liones. They were defeated by the Holy Knights, but rumors continued to persist that these legendary knights, called the "Seven Deadly Sins," were still alive. Ten years later, the Holy Knights themselves staged a coup d’état, and thus became the new, tyrannical rulers of the Kingdom of Liones. Based on the best-selling manga series of the same name, Nanatsu no Taizai follows the adventures of Elizabeth, the third princess of the Kingdom of Liones, and her search for the Seven Deadly Sins. With their help, she endeavors to not only take back her kingdom from the Holy Knights, but to also seek justice in an unjust world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Recap of episodes 1-13. Pocket Monsters XY: Sora no Hahen , is an anime movie tied to Pokémon XY television anime, that screened in two Tokyo planetariums. Like previous Pokémon planetarium anime, this one was projected onto 360-degree panoramic domes. The story follows Satoshi and his friends when they visit the Pokémon Aerospace eXploration Agency (a nod to the real-life Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency). They are thrilled by stories from PAXA's astronauts about the wonders of space and the possibility of Pokémon living in space. Then, just as they hear about the dangers posed by space debris, sirens suddenly ring out. Team Rocket have plotted to seize control of PAXA and have apparently infiltrated the facility. At that critical moment, trouble develops in a control system for artificial satellites. Large pieces of space debris have collided, causing fears of even more debris. (Source: ANN) Shibaki is a high-school boy whose only interest is girls. Except he's been branded as the most perverted boy at school and the girls avoid him like the plague. One day he finds a book in the library about how to summon witches. He tries it as a joke, but it turns out to be the real thing. An apprentice witch named Rurumo appears to grant him a wish. Shibaki helps Rurumo and she in return refuses to take his soul. (This part of this story happened before the start of chapter 1) When the story starts, Shibaki wishes he could see Rurumo again. His wishes are granted immediately as Rurumo falls from the sky and crash lands in front of him. He finds out that as punishment for not taking his soul she's been busted down to an apprentice demon. Now, she must complete the task of getting Shibaki to use up 666 magic tickets that grant wishes before she can become a witch again. However, what she doesn't know is that each time he uses a ticket it shortens his life. When the last ticket is used up, Shibaki will die. Shibaki knows this because Rurumo's familiar black cat Chiro tells him as part of the "contract" for giving him the tickets. Now, Shibaki has a choice, make a wish and help Rurumo become a witch again or resist the temptation and try to save his own life. (Source: jCafe24) Movie of gdgd Fairies. Airing simultaniously as gdgd Fairies Movie. OVAs bundled with the 15-17th volumes of the Mushibugyou manga. On his way home from school, Tatsumi sees a man collapsed near a lake. When he approaches him, Tatsumi notices something strange: the person in need of help is actually a beautiful merman named Wakasa! Because Wakasa's home has become too polluted to live in, Tatsumi graciously offers his bathtub as a refuge. With a boisterous merman as his new roommate, Tatsumi's normal life won't be returning anytime soon, not to mention Wakasa's aquatic friends—Takasu, Mikuni, and Maki—often show up uninvited, making them all quite a handful for the high school student. As he humors their curiosity for human life, Tatsumi sometimes finds himself enjoying their childish antics, but he will have to keep his cool if he intends to keep up with his daily life and newfound friendship. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The search for the remains of Emperor Gaz continues. Chaika still in search of knowing who she really is and what her purpose is. Similarly, the Red Chaika continues the search for the rest of Emperor Gaz's remains. The Gillette corporation continues the mission to catch every last Chaika. In their adventure they give a revealing account kept secret by the Emperor, which Chaika, Fredrica, Toru, and Akari decide to uncover. (Source: ANN, edited) In a fantasy version of Europe, a war between enemy countries is brewing. One of these countries, Zhcted, has its seven regions ruled by War Maidens, known as Vanadis. Equipped with powerful dragon-carved weapons, Eleonora "Elen" Viltaria, one of the Vanadis, launches an invasion against their neighboring rival country of Brune. Eventually, Tigrevurmud "Tigre" Vorn, a young archer and an earl for Brune's region of Alsace, has his entire army decimated at Elen's hands. In a strange twist of events, Elen spares Tigre, and gives him the order, "Become mine!" What could be the meaning behind this new alliance? Adapted from the light novel written by Tsukasa Kawaguchi, Madan no Ou to Vanadis is an epic adventure filled with complex war tactics and beautiful women. Trapped in a multinational conflict, Tigre and Elen are swept up in a war filled with dark secrets, conspiracies, and corruption. [Written by MAL Rewrite] TV anime special of Bandai Namco Games' Tales of Zestiria role-playing game. One hour special broadcast on August 20, 2014 and bundled with anime's third Blu-ray/DVD volume on November 26, 2014. Adapts "Odoro no Michi" (Path of Thorns) manga chapters. Second season of Mushishi Zoku Shou . Twintails: the glory of all mankind—or at least that is what first-year high school student Souji Mitsuka believes. At school, Souji spends most of his time daydreaming and rating girls' twintails, even going as far as creating a club dedicated to the hairstyle. His obsession does not go unnoticed, however; when monsters from outer space attack Earth and claim the world's twintails for themselves, a strange woman named Twoearle enlists Souji to fight back using twintails of his own! By transforming into the twin-tailed warrior Tail Red, Souji combats the vicious alien organization known as Ultimegil, whose main goal is to colonize Earth and steal everyone's spiritual energy, or "attribute power." Alongside fellow twin-tailed fighters Aika Tsube and Erina Shindou, Souji must find a way to defeat the invading army and defend the twintails he holds so dear. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The ONA produced to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Shinra Bansho Choco from Bandai. Shinra Bansho Choco is a chocolate biscuit sandwich brand that includes a card that features characters of the Gods. (Source: MAL) Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series. Princess Yona lives a life of luxury and ease, completely sheltered from the problems of the seemingly peaceful Kingdom of Kouka; however, the sudden murder of the king and betrayal of her beloved cousin Su-won places Yona's life in mortal peril. Forced to escape only with Son Hak, who is both her childhood friend and bodyguard, the naïve princess soon discovers that Kouka is not the idyllic place she envisioned it to be. Poverty, strife, and corruption run rampant, making reclaiming the throne nothing more than a wishful fantasy given the kingdom's current state. Based on the popular manga of the same name by Mizuho Kusanagi, Akatsuki no Yona follows Princess Yona on a coming-of-age adventure as she faces the harsh realities of her kingdom. With only a mysterious legend to guide her, Yona must discover a way to restore Kouka to its former glory while being pursued relentlessly by the forces of the new King of Kouka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Elite Sushi Ninja fights with evil Monsters for justice every day! They, however, are on the popular superhero TV show…. In the real world, three lazy kids named “IKURA”, “MAGURO”, and “TAMAGO” watch with that TV show. They wish to be Heroes like the Sushi Ninja on the TV show some day, but they always fall out over something stupid. One day, they unexpectedly meet up with a beautiful Princess being chasing by Nachos King Gang. She deems the three guys to be the Heroic Sushi Ninja on TV show and asks them for help. They are so excited and act like the heroes on TV show. Then they decide to face with the enemies to protect the Princess…. Can they be the real Heroes and protect the Princess from the evil? (Source: Daisuki) “Awaken now, Kasuga Arata.” With those words, Arata’s uneventful, carefree life ends forever. A black shadow covers the sun and Arata’s entire town is reduced to rubble, all the people in it spirited away by the blackness of the sun in an event called a "breakdown phenomenon". As Arata’s memories come flooding back, he realizes he’s been living inside an illusion created by a powerful book of spells. Lilith Asami, a mage dispatched to investigate the phenomenon, gives Arata two choices: hand over the book, or die. Arata chooses the third option: enrolling in the top-secret magic school Royal Biblia Academy. Waiting for him at the academy are seven beautiful magic users, the Trinity Seven , each with her own power and skill. With so many women surrounding him, there are plenty of opportunities to have some silly perverted fun. But it’s not all fun and games for Arata. Spurred on by the memory of his cousin and childhood friend Hijiri Kasuga, Arata will stop at nothing to stop the destruction of the world and bring his best friend back. The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabaody. Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training is interrupted when Hancock's sisters, Marigold and Sandersonia, are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World, a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace, in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters. (Source: One Piece Wiki) Mini specials bundled on each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance . Each special is tied to the new 32-page short story that original light novel author Shimizu Yuu is writing for the limited first pressing of every Blu-ray/DVD volume. Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01 . Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News) Prequel to the 17th Pokémon movie, Pokemon XY: Cocoon of Destruction and Diancie . An anime adaptation of the game for mobile devices Chain Chronicle . Features eight short episodes that introduces the story, setting, and characters. What does it mean to be a hero? Yuuki Yuuna thinks she knows. As part of the Hero Club in her middle school, Yuuki always does her best, wants to help others, and strives to bring smiles to people's faces, no matter who they are. But Yuuki is about to become a much bigger hero. Mysterious and powerful forces are approaching and threatening to destroy the world Yuuki knows and loves, and it's up to Yuuki and the Hero Club to stop them. Together with her companions, Yuuki uses a special phone app to transform into a magical girl and battle against strange beings called vertices. In between studying and putting on shows for kids, Yuuki has to fight for the very existence of her world. Can five middle school girls really stop the vertices from entering their home world and destroying it? Many years before becoming the famed captain of the Survey Corps, a young Levi struggles to survive in the capital's garbage dump, the Underground. As the boss of his own criminal operation, Levi attempts to get by with meager earnings while aided by fellow criminals, Isabel Magnolia and Farlan Church. With little hope for the future, Levi accepts a deal from the anti-expedition faction leader Nicholas Lobov, who promises the trio citizenship aboveground if they are able to successfully assassinate Erwin Smith, a squad leader of the Survey Corps. As Levi and Erwin cross paths, Erwin acknowledges Levi's agility and skill and gives him the option to either become part of the expedition team, or be turned over to the Military Police, to atone for his crimes. Now closer to the man they are tasked to kill, the group plans to complete their mission and save themselves from a grim demise in the dim recesses of their past home. However, they are about to learn that the surface world is not as liberating as they had thought and that sometimes, freedom can come at a heavy price. Based on the popular spin-off manga of the same name, Shingeki no Kyojin: Kuinaki Sentaku illustrates the encounter between two of Shingeki no Kyojin 's pivotal characters, as well as the events of the 23rd expedition beyond the walls. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A five-minute promotional anime for PlayStation Vita and PlayStation Portable game Toukiden Kiwami. In the year 2xxx, development of information are going so fast, humans being are drowning in the sea information. This leads to a situation where people can not find the necessary information. The only hope to solve this problem is the navigator program, Hacka Doll. (Source: Anime Bibly) DeNA promotional anime video for its line of mobile game. The mascot character for the line of games is called Mobami (a combination of "mobile" and "beauty.") (Source: ANN) A 2014 adaptation of the original Nutcracker story by E.T.A. Hoffmann. Based on the picture eBook of the same name. One by one, with feeling, the Thousand Paper Cranes are folded. What if, those paper cranes had a "life" of their own... The purpose given to the Thousand Paper Cranes! The spectacular adventure of Kenta and Maiko begins now!! (Source: dreamonefilm) Recap of the first eight episodes of Akame ga Kill! series. Based on the adult manga by Sawaru Erect. TV series of Konna Watashitachi ga Nariyuki de Heroine ni Natta Kekka www Three short stories from the Nintendo Pikmin game series. The short 3D animated film is a project that Shigeru Miyamoto, a Japanese video game designer, created to explore the characters in a way his games could not. Fuyuki City—a city surrounded by the ocean and the mountains becomes the setting for an age-old ritual. To realize the mythical Holy Grail, which is said to grant any wish from its possessor, seven masters are given seven heroic spirits chosen by the Grail. These heroic spirits or servants are: Saber, Lancer, Archer, Rider, Caster, Assassin, Berserker. Each master will enter into a contract with their assigned servants and battle the other masters and servants to the death until only one pair remains... This is the "Holy Grail War." This story focuses primarily on the heroine Rin Toosaka. After her father's death, Rin enters the Holy Grail War as the sole heir to the prestigious Toosaka Household, with her servant Archer. But, she soon finds out that Shirou Emiya, a boy from her high school has gotten himself involved in the battles and unexpectedly saves him when he is fatally injured. (Source: Aniplex USA) The land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace for years among Humans, Elves and Evil beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But the Black Dragon begins to stir from its hibernation, sending the Beasts marching across Altera. With a beast conquest perilously close, a small group of Humans and Elves unite to try to find a secret hidden road to the Black Dragon's cave and destroy it. But the fate of all of them may be in the hands of the young warrior Lambert, who must summon the confidence and skill to face the Black Dragon himself just when all may be lost. (Source: Official site) Recap episode of the Phantom Bullet arc, also known as Episode 14.5. The sequel will focus on the islands west of the city. (Source: ANN) Domo-kun and Charo meet a strange girl in the hustle and bustle Tokyo. Since "that day", she has not gone back home. When Charo gives the girl a wreath of Gerbera plants, she accidentally sneezes. A burst of magic came out of the Gerbera, and a flower train emerges from the middle of a flower garden. As the three board the flower train, it starts moving toward the girl's hometown. However, what awaits them is a ferocious storm! Animated short to support the reconstruction of areas hit by the 2011 Great Eastern Japan Earthquake. (Source: Official website) The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site) A promotional video for the new Super Smash Bros Wii U and Super Smash Bros 3DS featuring Pit, Link, Dark Pit, and Palutena. The Pokemon Company streamed the "Mega Special Animation" short inspired by the upcoming Pokémon Omega Ruby and Pokémon Alpha Sapphire games on Sunday. The short features Pokémon undergoing the newly discovered Mega Evolution and Primal Reversion in the Hoenn region. (Source: ANN) Recap of the first six episodes of Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis . Animated short for K-Swiss Asia, a subsidiary of American footwear company K-Swiss. Extra contents of Konna Watashitachi ga Nariyuki de Heroine ni Natta Kekka www (TV) that only streamed on YouTube and Nico Nico Douga. In a world where yin and yang has lost its balance and day merged with night, humans and monsters learn to coexist. Our hardworking censorates do their best to fight the ‘untamed’ monsters in this joyful story. (Source: EIH Scans) A foxy temptress. A strange misty tree demon. A girl with the power of the goddess Xianjia! Being caught between these women is a feat in it of itself, but our hero Feng Xi must fight in order to protect the peace and save the world! (Source: EIH Scans) Story of a life form which wakes up in an unknown mysterious world. As he go deeper, he slowly understands what kind of place it is. The world seems beautiful, but it lacks what the real life has. He has to make a choice to stay or not. Recap episode. The movie reveals the events before Ge Nie and Tianming defeated 300 soldiers at Huangyang Chuan right at the start of season 1. The events will retell how Tianming and Ge Nie met. A new character and her relations to the Western Regions will be introduced as well. (Source: wuxiaedge.com) Spin-off episodes of the franchise Qin Shiming Yue . It contains Qin Shiming Yue Zhi: Tebie Pian Kongshan Niao Yu (ep. 1-3) and Qin Shiming Yue Zhi: Tian Xing Jiu Ge (ep.4 - ) . Continues off from where season 4 left off. A single episode special that was released on a web-tour game to coincide with the movie release. This special tells of a young Taoist who joins the Yin-Yang School to find his sister. Short special featuring 'Tenchu Girls', a group of characters from the TV series. Included in the 4th volume of the Blu-ray/DVD releases. Rei Kigata is a first year middle schooler at Ishido Middle School. He is not a believer of any paranormal phenomena such as existence of ghosts or spirits in any kind, but one day at midnight, while he is sleeping, a mysterious newspaper called "Horror News" is delivered to his room. The newspaper tells a story in which one of his teachers at the school will get killed in a car accident the following morning and Kigata will be a witness of the accident. The story turns into a fact in the following day and since then, the mysterious newspaper is delivered everyday. He realizes he is haunted by this newspaper and that his life span would be shortened in 100 days every time he reads it. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited) Episode 2.5 of "A Summer Day's Dream" series of anime shorts based on the Touhou Project shooter game series. Picture Drama episodes from the special contents DVD bundled with the Haikyuu!! 3DS game. A brand new picture drama made for the BD Memorial Box set of Creamy Mami. The cast is put into a Cinderella story. Yugo has been repeatedly telling her father a bedtime story that she was the only human visitor to a fantastical kingdom in the clouds where she befriended two animals, Lala and Uncle Bear. The three fought the evil Tiger General, who had risen up against the kingdom's ruler. It was the former ruler's dying wish that Lala would replace him. Missing her friends, Yugo finds her way back to the fantastical kingdom where she finds a disheartened Uncle Bear. He is sad that Lala is leaving him to move into the palace. However, Lala is unsure if she is the right one to rule the kingdom. Meanwhile, a new sinister plot is developing. The kingdom's ancient behemoths have shrunken in size after their annual migration. While investigating, Yugo, Lala, and Uncle Bear are trapped in the underground kingdom of the rats where all the shrunken animals have ended up. With the help of an ingenious mole, they fight the rodent soldiers and escape. Yugo tracks down the very last behemoth in the kingdom and learns that the kingdom's water supply is being deliberately poisoned. When they learn that the only uncontaminated water left in the kingdom is under the control of the militaristic rats, Yugo and her furry friends must save the kingdom again. (Source: Wikipedia, edited) Little Yeyos are seven little spirits living in the mythological Chinese spirit world who wander about only at night. The little intern is always the one who gets ignored and taunted, including today, when he gets kicked out of bed by the female Yeyo to turn off the alarm clock. But the discovery of a mysterious dot of light changes things...if only for a little while. (Source: Official Youtube page) A PV for Johnsen Kubbe's picture book being released on October 15, 2014. A collaboration commercial between Gaist Crusher and Mameshiba. The series takes place on a fantastical world where crystals can provide great strength. Their value has led to to the rise of a unique profession: crystal hunting. Cinque Izumi, Nanami Takatsuki, and Rebecca Anderson must once again embark on a journey to the continent of Flonyard and participate in the friendly war games of the three allied nations: Biscotti Republic, Galette, and Pastilage. Cinque is Biscotti’s hero, who also happens to be the cousin of Galette’s hero Nanami. Rebecca is Pastillage’s hero and a dear friend of Cinque. Dog Days'' begins in the human world. Rebecca prepares her things for her journey back to Pastilage from Japan. Meanwhile, Cinque and Nanami set out to travel to Biscotti and Galette, respectively, all the way from England, when suddenly, a freakish streak of bad luck—in the form of lightning, of course—sends them off course. They soon find themselves in the great Dragon Forest, protected by a Dragon Priestess named Sharu. The Dragon Priestess informs them that demons threaten to invade the forest, as well as the whole continent of Flonyard! It looks like a real war is about to begin in Dog Days'' . Can these three heroes save the whole continent from these evil beings? Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] You can tell witch training is not going swimmingly for the young sorceresses Akko, Lotte, and Sucy—they face expulsion for screwing up one class too many, and their only way out is if they successfully organize their academy's annual parade through a nearby town. But when they stumble upon the momentous discovery that the objective of the parade is to humiliate witches and commemorate their past subjugation, Akko decides it is time for a change: It is time to show the world how fantastic modern witches truly are! However, with the other girls struggling to keep up with Akko's grandiose ambitions, and everything from mischievous boys to slumbering giants getting in their way, maybe pulling it off will require not only all the magical prowess the pupils of Luna Nova Magical Academy can muster, but also a miracle. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V centers around Yuya Sakaki, as he tries to escape from harsh reality by smiling. But one Duel leads him to make a determination to confront the difficulties and he will get the power of infinite possibilities. The show's main theme is "Take a step forward with courage!!" Yuya is a student at a preparatory school, learning to become an "entertainment Duelist," a type of professional Duelist. The story is set in Miami City on the coast of Japan. Leo Corporation is run by its president Reiji Akaba. Thanks to the spread of the company's "Solid Vision with mass," "Action Duels" are born in Miami City and has reached worldwide popularity. Children look up to star-level Pro Duelists, and they learn Summoning and Duel styles at various large and small cram schools, including the You Show Duel School that Yuya attends and the largest of such schools, Leo Duel School (LDS). (Source: Yu-Gi-Oh! Wikia, paraphrased from the V-Jump synopsis) Magic is what makes the fictional world of Earth-land go 'round, and its many mage guilds work together—or sometimes against one another—to bring balance to that world. Each guild flaunts unique features in hopes of being the best guild on the planet. Lucy Heartfilia, a 17-year-old girl, is desperately searching for the perfect guild. After running from her father, she wanders the city in search of Gold Keys, for they unlock the Celestial Spirits that are so vital for her magic. With so many wizards around, it's a journey that's very challenging and dangerous to go alone. Yet a fateful encounter with Natsu Dragneel (a wizard who largely resembles a dragon) leads her to a guild known as Fairy Tail , which soon becomes her new home. Her happiness amongst new-found friends is overshadowed by the evil powers of malicious guilds and the mysterious dark wizard Zeref. Their lives are about to take an unexpected turn as they battle evil, fight for their guild, and uncover fragments of their past. It will shake the foundations of who they are as people, and help explain why Earth-land has fallen into this state to begin with. Not so long ago, mysterious structures called dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned. In a Parthevia port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite] DVD OVA of Witch Craft Works bundled with the eighth manga volume. In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others... Seiken Tsukai no World Break takes place at Akane Private Academy where students who possess memories of their previous lives are being trained to use Ancestral Arts so that they can serve as defenders against monsters, called Metaphysicals, who randomly attack. Known as saviors, the students are broken up into two categories: the kurogane who are able to use their prana to summon offensive weapons and the kuroma who are able to use magic. The story begins six months prior to the major climax of the series during the opening ceremonies on the first day of the school year. After the ceremony is over, the main character, Moroha Haimura, meets a girl named Satsuki Ranjou who reveals that she was Moroha's little sister in a past life where Moroha was a heroic prince capable of slaying entire armies with his sword skills. Soon afterwards he meets another girl, Shizuno Urushibara, who eventually reveals that she also knew Moroha in an entirely different past life where he was a dark lord capable of using destructive magic but saved her from a life of slavery. Can those whose minds live in both the present and the past truly reach a bright future? Delve into the complex world of Seiken Tsukai no World Break to find out! Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia) Through an unexpected turn of events, an ordinary elementary school student, Hiro Enryuu, finds himself in the world of the "Dragon Collection" game. This is a world called Dragon Earth, where gods, humans, and monsters exist side by side. Those who roam this world using a magic book, called a Grimoire, and cards to summon monsters and search for treasures that bear the powers of dragons are called Dracolle Battlers. Despite his bewilderment, Hiro becomes a Dracolle Battler and, together with the friends he meets there, begins his adventure to become a legendary Dragon Master! (Source: Crunchyroll) Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story. New series of Tamagotchi!. Running into your new stepsister in the bathroom is not the best way to make a good first impression, which Basara Toujou learns the hard way. When his father suddenly brings home two beautiful girls and introduces them as his new siblings, he has no choice but to accept into his family the Naruse sisters: busty redhead Mio and petite silver-haired Maria. But when these seemingly normal girls reveal themselves as demons—Mio the former Demon Lord's only daughter and Maria her trusted succubus servant—Basara is forced to reveal himself as a former member of a clan of "Heroes," sworn enemies of the demons. However, having begun to care for his new sisters, Basara instead decides to protect them with his powers and forms a master-servant contract with Mio to keep watch over her. With the Heroes observing his every move and the constant threat of hostile demons, Basara has to do the impossible to protect his new family members. Moreover, the protector himself is hiding his own dark secret that still haunts him to this day... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In Garo: Honoo no Kokuin , Makai Knights and Alchemists, those who are able to keep supernatural enemies at bay, are feared and hated in the kingdom of Valiante. Encouraging this fear is the king’s trusted advisor, Mendoza, who convinces him to launch an all-out purge. Those of Makai blood are hunted and imprisoned or burned at the stake for so-called witchcraft. However, a dark omen is cast over Valiante when the execution of the last “witch” ends in the birth of her child who is saved from the flames by his father, a Makai Knight. German spirits the baby Leon away from Valiante and raises him as a Makai Knight of the Garo armor. Now, they have been recalled to Valiante by the ever-increasing swarm of Horrors preying on unsuspecting civilians. With no Makai Knights left to defend them, the people are desperate. In answer to this desperation, Valiante’s Prince Alfonso sets out for help. How will these two sides clash? Will Leon and German be able to save their homeland? At the behest of the Queen, Earl Ciel Phantomhive hosts a lavish dinner party attended by several of the finest members of polite society—as well as struggling author, Arthur. But as the party reaches its high, a terrible murder takes place and none other than the Earl himself is suspected of the crime. As a violent storm rages on outside, the death count continues to climb. The Phantomhive household and their eminent guests find they must cooperate in order to solve this mystery before they too fall prey to the mysterious murderer. However, it seems that not even the perfect butler, Sebastian Michaelis, is safe from this horror. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Veteran gamer Shiroe and other players have been trapped in the world of the online game Elder Tales for six months. The once chaotic city of Akibara has regained its everyday hustle and bustle following the formation of the self-governing organization Round Table Meeting. The earthlings, who are originally from the game world, have gained the trust of Shiroe by waging a defensive war against the Goblins in Zantleaf Region. This has led Princess Rayneshia of the Cowen family, the highest-ranking Earthling Aristocrats, to live in Akibara. It's almost winter and the Adventurers are thinking about what they're going to do and what their goals are in this other world. Will they remain in Akibara or go to the city of the West? Or will they travel to the land of the North or another faraway country? The opinions of the Adventurers begin to diverge. What adventures await the members of the Shiroe team in this second series of Log Horizon? (Source: NHK Enterprises) In a world similar to the European Middle Ages, the feared yet revered Holy Knights of Britannia use immensely powerful magic to protect the region of Britannia and its kingdoms. However, a small subset of the Knights supposedly betrayed their homeland and turned their blades against their comrades in an attempt to overthrow the ruler of Liones. They were defeated by the Holy Knights, but rumors continued to persist that these legendary knights, called the "Seven Deadly Sins," were still alive. Ten years later, the Holy Knights themselves staged a coup d’état, and thus became the new, tyrannical rulers of the Kingdom of Liones. Based on the best-selling manga series of the same name, Nanatsu no Taizai follows the adventures of Elizabeth, the third princess of the Kingdom of Liones, and her search for the Seven Deadly Sins. With their help, she endeavors to not only take back her kingdom from the Holy Knights, but to also seek justice in an unjust world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Recap of episodes 14-25. Youtarou Hanabusa is a Knight of the World, an order of knights active in the present time, whose job it is to aid those in need. Whenever someone cries out for help, Youtarou will be there! As the hero Knight Lancer, Youtarou dons a cape and mask, and wields an impressively powerful lance. His intentions might be noble, but a knight kissing ladies’ hands in the 21st century can come across as just a bit strange… Youtarou just can’t help himself. He has what he calls White Knight Syndrome: whenever someone is in need, his body reacts automatically in a “knight-like manner.” His fighting abilities and kindness are put to the test when he saves the young Makio Kidouin. Youtarou discovers that Makio is the only daughter of a wealthy family, and lives alone in the care of a group of maids. All Youtarou wanted was to leave his knighthood behind and start a normal life. But when he decides to take Makio under his wing, he becomes involved in something much bigger than him. Now Youtarou must defend Makio, without giving away the secret identity of the Knight Lancer she idolizes. The Antimagic Academy is a special school that specializes in educating future witch hunters whose primary job is to find and stop magical threats and dangers. They are also called Inquisitors, whose aim is to stop and confiscate, not kill or destroy. The Academy is divided into several squads, but the most infamous one is the 35th Test Platoon, also nicknamed the "Small Fry Platoon" due to its low ranking among the other squads and its incompetent members. However, the ever so boring atmosphere of this unlucky squad gets spiced up when their little club gets powered up with a new member named Ouka Ootori, a former Inquisitor and an excellent fighter. What they do not know is that she was removed from her position because of her tendency to break the rules and an incident where she killed a witch. The club is run by a clumsy captain Takeru Kusanagi who is unable to use anything except his sword, so Ouka's views clash immediately with the views of other members of the squad. Can they cooperate with someone who hates witches so much and will they be able to learn from each other’s mistakes and tragic pasts? OVAs bundled with the 15-17th volumes of the Mushibugyou manga. Unaired anime-original OVA bundled with 12th volume of the Hitsugi no Chaika novel. Supersonic monkeys, vampires, talking fishmen, and all sorts of different supernatural monsters living alongside humans—this has been part of daily life in Hellsalem's Lot, formerly known as New York City, for some time now. When a gateway between Earth and the Beyond opened three years ago, New Yorkers and creatures from the other dimension alike were trapped in an impenetrable bubble and were forced to live together. Libra is a secret organization composed of eccentrics and superhumans, tasked with keeping order in the city and making sure that chaos doesn't spread to the rest of the world. Pursuing photography as a hobby, Leonardo Watch is living a normal life with his parents and sister. But when he obtains the "All-seeing Eyes of the Gods" at the expense of his sister's eyesight, he goes to Hellsalem's Lot in order to help her by finding answers about the mysterious powers he received. He soon runs into Libra, and when Leo unexpectedly joins their ranks, he gets more than what he bargained for. Kekkai Sensen follows Leo's misadventures in the strangest place on Earth with his equally strange comrades—as the ordinary boy unwittingly sees his life take a turn for the extraordinary. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the limited editions of 17th, 18th, and 19th volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga. "I kind of understand now... You're afraid of losing things, right?" The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called ‘Shadows’ is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred. In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... (Source: Official website) Midgar, all-girl academy, would have been notable just for the action of accepting its first and only male student, Yuu Mononobe. But Midgar stands out for much more than that: it's a school exclusive to a group of girls known as D's. Each of them have extremely powerful abilities in generating dark matter and manipulating it into powerful weaponry. The D's didn't exist twenty-five years ago, and only appeared after a number of mysterious, destructive monsters known as "Dragons" started appearing around the world. Strangely, just as suddenly as they appeared, they vanished. In their destructive wake, some girls started being born with symbols on their bodies and powers similar in nature to those wielded by the Dragons themselves. Now the D's attend this school, hoping to harness and utilize their powers against the Dragons. Yuu is their latest member and is extraordinary for being the only known male D in existence. Now he must forge relationships with the girls around him, including his long separated sister who attends the school as well, and work with them to investigate and eliminate the threat of the powerful Dragons. Princess Yona lives a life of luxury and ease, completely sheltered from the problems of the seemingly peaceful Kingdom of Kouka; however, the sudden murder of the king and betrayal of her beloved cousin Su-won places Yona's life in mortal peril. Forced to escape only with Son Hak, who is both her childhood friend and bodyguard, the naïve princess soon discovers that Kouka is not the idyllic place she envisioned it to be. Poverty, strife, and corruption run rampant, making reclaiming the throne nothing more than a wishful fantasy given the kingdom's current state. Based on the popular manga of the same name by Mizuho Kusanagi, Akatsuki no Yona follows Princess Yona on a coming-of-age adventure as she faces the harsh realities of her kingdom. With only a mysterious legend to guide her, Yona must discover a way to restore Kouka to its former glory while being pursued relentlessly by the forces of the new King of Kouka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The first part of a two-part movie. The story is a recap of the TV series. Years ago, humanity almost got wiped out by huge magical armored insects that had become too strong and aggressive to handle. Because of these giant bugs, humans do not live on the earth anymore, but in floating cities instead. However, this does not mean that everything is lost, because the wizards from prestigious floating wizard academies are fighting these monsters. Kanata Age is a young man now labelled as a traitor even though he was once praised as the "Black Master Swordsman." He gets a chance to repair his reputation by instructing the team E601, which seems to be facing some difficulties. It consists of three girls, Misora Whitale, Lecty Eisenach, and Rico Flamel, each with problems of their own. It appears that Kanata will get in deep waters more than once because of them... Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01 . Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News) An Earth where peace has arrived. However, remnants of Frieza's army Sorbet and Tagoma (from the Japanese word for 'egg') arrive on the planet. Their goal is to revive Frieza with the dragon balls. Their dastardly wish is granted, the "F" that plans its revenge against the Saiyans is revived...! (Source: MAL) After the events following the first season, Nanami is filled with new challenges as the Land God of the Shrine. She faces these challenges with her two familiars Tomoe and Mizuki. Along these challenges, Tomoe begins to realize his true feelings for Nanami. Many years before becoming the famed captain of the Survey Corps, a young Levi struggles to survive in the capital's garbage dump, the Underground. As the boss of his own criminal operation, Levi attempts to get by with meager earnings while aided by fellow criminals, Isabel Magnolia and Farlan Church. With little hope for the future, Levi accepts a deal from the anti-expedition faction leader Nicholas Lobov, who promises the trio citizenship aboveground if they are able to successfully assassinate Erwin Smith, a squad leader of the Survey Corps. As Levi and Erwin cross paths, Erwin acknowledges Levi's agility and skill and gives him the option to either become part of the expedition team, or be turned over to the Military Police, to atone for his crimes. Now closer to the man they are tasked to kill, the group plans to complete their mission and save themselves from a grim demise in the dim recesses of their past home. However, they are about to learn that the surface world is not as liberating as they had thought and that sometimes, freedom can come at a heavy price. Based on the popular spin-off manga of the same name, Shingeki no Kyojin: Kuinaki Sentaku illustrates the encounter between two of Shingeki no Kyojin 's pivotal characters, as well as the events of the 23rd expedition beyond the walls. [Written by MAL Rewrite] One hundred years ago, Dahara City was beset by a terrible calamity brought on by a great power. The city was saved when a mysterious man sealed that power in the Prison Bottle, and became peaceful. In the present, Ash and his friends arrive in Dahara City, where they meet the mischievous Pokémon Hoopa as well as its human companion Mary. However, when Mary's elder brother Barza discovers the Prison Bottle in the desert and multiple Legendary Pokémon appear in the city, the battle of a century ago restarts, triggering a cataclysm that forces the appearance of even more Legendary Pokémon, drawing Arceus into the fray. (Source: Bulbapedia) Based on the manga by the same name by Hiroyama Hiroshi, itself a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. Note: Bundled with the limited edition of the sixth Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma Illya 3rei!! magical girl manga volume. (Source: AniDB) In the past, humanoid bears coexisted with humans. However, a meteor shower that fell onto Earth had a strange effect on bears throughout the world: they suddenly became violent and hungry for human flesh, spurring an endless cycle of bloodshed in which bear ate man and man shot bear, forgetting the lively relationship they once had. The "Wall of Severance" was thus built, separating the two civilizations and keeping peace. Kureha Tsubaki and Sumika Izumino are two lovers attending Arashigaoka Academy, who, upon the arrival of two bears that have sneaked through the Wall of Severance and infiltrated the academy, find their relationship under a grave threat. The hungering yet affectionate bears, Ginko Yurishiro and Lulu Yurigasaki, seem to see the bear-hating Kureha as more than just another meal, and in getting closer to her, trigger an unraveling of secrets that Kureha may not be able to bear. When their relationships provoke the Invisible Storm, a group that keeps order within the ideological school, the girls must stand on trial with their love, embarking on a journey of self-discovery en route to attaining true love's "promised kiss." [Written by MAL Rewrite] Maria is a powerful young witch living with her two familiars in medieval France during the Hundred Years' War against England. As the war rages on and the innocent get caught in its destruction, Maria becomes fed up with the situation and begins using her magic to try and prevent further conflict in hopes of maintaining peace. However, her constant intervention soon attracts the attention of the heavens, and the archangel Michael is sent to keep her from meddling in human affairs. The divine being confronts Maria, and he forbids her from using her powers, issuing a decree that her magic will be taken if she loses her virginity. Though she is now labeled a heretic, Maria adamantly refuses to heed Michael's warning and continues to disrupt the war between the two nations. But as the Church begins plotting to take away the witch's power and put a stop to Maria's interference once and for all, her peacemaking may soon come to an end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma☆Illya 2wei! manga by Hiroshi Hiroyama, which is a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. The year is 2071. Humanity has been pushed to the brink of extinction following the emergence of man-eating monsters called "Aragami" that boast an immunity to conventional weaponry. They ravaged the land, consuming almost everything in their path and leaving nothing in their wake. To combat them, an organization named Fenrir was formed as a last-ditch effort to save humanity through the use of “God Eaters"—special humans infused with Oracle cells, allowing them to wield the God Arc, the only known weapon capable of killing an Aragami. One such God Eater is Lenka Utsugi, a New-Type whose God Arc takes the form of both blade and gun. Now, as one of Fenrir's greatest weapons, Lenka must master his God Arc if he is to fulfill his desire of wiping out the Aragami once and for all. The monsters continue to be born en masse while the remnants of humanity struggle to survive the night. Only God Eaters stand between the Aragami and complete and total annihilation of the human race. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Commonly known as the "Dungeon", the city of Orario possesses a huge labyrinth in the underground. Its strange name attracts excitement, illusions of honor, and hopes of romance with a pretty girl. In this city of dreams and desires, new adventurer Bell Cranel has his fateful encounter with the tiny Goddess Hestia. Thus begins the story of a boy striving to become the best adventurer and a lonely goddess searching for followers both working together to fulfill their goals. The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site) In the Underworld, during the fight against Hades, the 12 Gold Saints gave up their lives to destroy the Wailing Wall and allow Seiya and his friends to keep moving forward. Aioria and the Gold Saints, who should have disappeared, come back to life in this beautiful Earth full of light. How have they resurrected if they were supposed to be dead? While the big mystery remains, Aioria gets involved in a new battle and when his Cosmo exceeds its limits.. a change happens to the Leo Cloth! (Source: AniChart/AniList) When Takeru Amato moved into his new apartment in Akihabara, he was warned that there was one problem with it. He wasn’t warned, however, that the problem was a hole in the floor that leads to the realm of the zodiac gods. He also wasn’t told about Nyaa-tan, the eccentric, immature, prospective zodiac-sign cat. Nyaa-tan would like nothing more than to join the rest of the girls, otherwise known as Eto-shin, in the Chineze zodiac, but she’s going to have to fight to work her way in. Fortunately, establishing a relationship with Takeru can help her with that. In Etotama the members of the zodiac don’t just represent people’s births; they draw their power from positive human emotions in the form of energy called Sol/Lull. With this power, the Eto-musume, or potential Eto-shin, can change from their mostly humanoid appearances into smaller “pretty modes” that can battle with each other in the Eto world. Nyaa-tan needs to get Takeru to warm up to him fast, and not just because they’re living together. The ETM12 selection festival to determine the next member of the zodiac is coming soon. With Takeru’s good graces, Nyaa-tan just might be able to fight off the other Eto-musume and the 12 Eto-shin themselves, and finally take her place in the zodiac. The year is 320. Under the rule of the belligerent king Andragoras III, the prosperous kingdom of Pars is at war with the neighboring empire, Lusitania. Though different from his father in many aspects, the kind young prince Arslan sets out to prove his valor on the battlefield for the very first time. However, when the king is betrayed by one of his most trusted officials, the Parsian army is decimated and the capital city of Ecbatana is sieged. With the army in shambles and the Lusitanians out for his head, Arslan is forced to go on the run. With a respected general by his side, the loyal Daryun, Arslan soon sets off on a journey in search of allies that will help him take back his home. However, the enemies that the prince faces are far from limited to just those occupying his kingdom. Armies of other kingdoms stand ready to conquer Ecbatana. Moreover, the mastermind behind Lusitania's victory, an enigmatic man hiding behind a silver mask, poses a dangerous threat to Arslan and his company as he possesses a secret that could jeopardize Arslan's right to succession. With the odds stacked against him, Arslan must find the strength and courage to overcome these obstacles and allies who will help him fight in the journey that will help prepare him for the day he becomes king. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Arata is set to be expelled! The only way to save himself is to be taught more about the magic archives from the Trinity Seven themselves. An ancient legend states that with the revival of the Demon God, six heroes—the Braves of the Six Flowers—will be chosen by the Goddess of Fate, granting them power to rise up against the fiends attempting to turn the world into a living hell. Adlet Mayer, self-proclaimed "Strongest Man in the World," has arrived at the continent of Piena in hopes of becoming a Brave. Although it doesn't go as smoothly as he had planned, Adlet is ultimately chosen as one of the six heroes shortly after being greeted by Nashetania Loei Piena Augustra, crown princess and fellow Brave. Rokka no Yuusha follows the two as they embark upon their destined journey to fight the Demon God, intending to meet up with their fellow heroes at a small temple outside of the Land of the Howling Demons, the fiends' domain. However, when they finally unite, seven heroes are present, and soon the others begin to suspect Adlet to be a fraud. Now on the run, Adlet must utilize his unique skill set and wit in a fight for his life to identify which member of the group is the true impostor before it's too late! [Written by MAL Rewrite] New Precure All Stars movie. Heian-kyou, capital and the center of elegant, aristocratic culture, is heavily guarded by a spiritual force field -- or so it seems. In reality, onmyouji (court magi who create the spiritual force field) can only defend the palace located in the northern part of the city; in downtown, monsters known as "horror" that feast upon human souls roam after sunset. There are, however, a group of heroes protecting commoners from "horrors" in darkness. (Source: ANN) Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end! The story takes place one year after the TV series. Akihito, half human and half youmu, fights against a new threat that intends on seeking Mirai whilst protecting his closest friends. (Source: ANN) In the midst of the Fifth Holy Grail War, Caster sets her plans into motion, beginning with the capture of Shirou's Servant Saber. With the witch growing ever more powerful, Rin and Archer determine she is a threat that must be dealt with at once. But as the balance of power in the war begins to shift, the Master and Servant find themselves walking separate ways. Meanwhile, despite losing his Servant and stumbling from injuries, Shirou ignores Rin's warning to abandon the battle royale, forcing his way into the fight against Caster. Determined to show his resolve in his will to fight, Shirou's potential to become a protector of the people is put to the test. Amidst the bloodshed and chaos, the motivations of each Master and Servant are slowly revealed as they sacrifice everything in order to arise as the victor and claim the Holy Grail. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Pikachu and the rest of the group practice singing and dancing, as well as rehearsing their segments, until they realize Luchabull (Hawlucha) can't sing! Now it's up to Pikachu and everybody else to encourage Luchabull into getting back on cue before they have to do the show for real! Will they succeed? Off-duty Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF) officer and otaku, Youji Itami, is on his way to attend a doujin convention in Ginza, Tokyo when a mysterious portal in the shape of a large gate suddenly appears. From this gate, supernatural creatures and warriors clad in medieval armor emerge, charging through the city, killing and destroying everything in their path. With swift actions, Youji saves as many lives as he can while the rest of the JSDF direct their efforts towards stopping the invasion. Three months after the attack, Youji has been tasked with leading a special recon team, as part of a JSDF task force, that will be sent to the world beyond the gate—now being referred to as the "Special Region." They must travel into this unknown world in order to learn more about what they are dealing with and attempt to befriend the locals in hopes of creating peaceful ties with the ruling empire. But if they fail, they face the consequence of participating in a devastating war that will engulf both sides of the gate. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime adaptation of the final Mushishi manga arc. Ginko stumbles upon a young girl in a mountain with branches and leaves growing out of her body. He later realises that she is the lord of that mountain but finds it strange that a human like her was chosen as the lord. He later meets her older brother who has continued to search for her ever since she disappeared while she was accompanying him on a stormy day. The story is about that girl, Kaya, and how she is torn between continuing her duty as a mushi lord and returning back to her loving human family. (Source: ANN) The zany and cute-but-crude Wooser returns for another season in Wooser’s Hand-to-Mouth Life: Phantasmagoric Arc! Wooser is a creature that only cares about three things in life: meat, money, and girls. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited) An unaired episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament , bundled with the eighth light novel volume. Recap of the first two seasons of Dog Days series narrated by Mikako Takahashi. Aired simultaneously with the first episode of the third season. One day after school, Asahi Kuromine stumbles upon the truth that Youko Shiragami, the girl he has a crush on, is actually a vampire. According to her father's rules, Youko must now quit school in order to keep her family safe. However, Asahi does not want her to go and promises that he will keep her true nature secret. Unfortunately, this turns out to be easier said than done, as Asahi is a man who is easy to read and is unable to keep any secrets to himself. And this is the only the beginning of his troubles—more supernatural beings enter his life, and he is forced to protect all of their identities or face the consequences. Jitsu wa Watashi wa follows Asahi as he deals with his new friends and the unique challenges they bring, struggles to keep his mouth shut, and desperately tries to win Youko's heart in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The final hour of the popular virtual reality game Yggdrasil has come. However, Momonga, a powerful wizard and master of the dark guild Ainz Ooal Gown, decides to spend his last few moments in the game as the servers begin to shut down. To his surprise, despite the clock having struck midnight, Momonga is still fully conscious as his character and, moreover, the non-player characters appear to have developed personalities of their own! Confronted with this abnormal situation, Momonga commands his loyal servants to help him investigate and take control of this new world, with the hopes of figuring out what has caused this development and if there may be others in the same predicament. [Written by MAL Rewrite] On an evening lit by a crimson full moon, an ordinary high school girl named Mei Ayazuki meets a self-proclaimed magician named Charlie at a festival. Through Charlie's magic, she time-travels to the Meiji era in Tokyo, where she meets and falls in love with various great historical figures from that time period. (Source: ANN) Part 1, Cure Flora to Itazura Kagami , is a dialogue-less story featuring Cure Flora and a mischievous ghost in a mirror. Part 2, Pumpkin Oukoku no Takaramono , features the four Precure girls from Go! Princess Precure trying to rescue a princess who is held captive. Part 3, Precure to Refi no Wonder Night! , is set when the Night Kingdom lost its daytime. The Precure team fight to take the daytime back alongside the princess Refi. (Source: Crunchyroll, Edited) In 2017, a group of genius scientists achieve a remarkable breakthrough in bioengineering. However, all the new technologies are put into military use, beginning a new round of arms race. Vanguards, as the most significant achievement of the modern bioengineering and the most advanced weapon, are widely utilized in the race. Although vanguards are exceptionally combat-effective, their life expectancy is shortened by the nanomachines they use. Usually, most vanguards will retire from the army after a number of years in service. The heroine Liuli has also consumed too much of her lifespan after executing missions for a long time. With only 380 days left in her life, Liuli receives a new mission, to rescue a hostage being held in a civilian facility. It is without doubt a difficult mission for a vanguard like Liuli, who only knows how to kill and battle. However, Liuli obediently decides to accept the mission in the end. During the mission, Liuli surprisingly finds that the man who holds the hostage was once a vanguard. The former vanguard Zhongrong Zhou cries and asks the government to hand over the son of Eden. As a vanguard, Liuli feels deep contempt against Zhou. To eliminate the scum of the vanguards, a battle between two vanguards begins... (Source: Official site, edited) New Aria work produced for the "Ao no Curtain Call" project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series.  The story follows the adventures of rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, her long-best human friend Airi Kirara and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewel Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. To restore people's belief in magic, Jewelpets transform into humans to study more about them. (Source: ANN, edited) In 3015, the year of Huanli, two countries, Donatia and Kouran, are embroiled in a war of supremacy that is tearing the world around them apart. The small island Nil Kamui has suffered exceptionally from the war, with lands conquered in the name of each kingdom and stolen away from the people. To make matters worse, their deity, the Red Dragon, has gone mad, rampaging about Nil Kamui burning villages and killing people indiscriminately. Ibuki, a descendant of Nil Kamui's royal family, resides at an orphanage and refuses to take on the role of king. Abhorring conflict, Ibuki desires a peaceful resolution, however the chaotic world will not allow for such pacifism when it is being torn asunder by war. Despite his reluctance, Ibuki is drawn deep into this conflict. Can he rise to the occasion and save his country? Although her name means "snow white," Shirayuki is a cheerful, red-haired girl living in the country of Tanbarun who works diligently as an apothecary at her herbal shop. Her life changes drastically when she is noticed by the silly prince of Tanbarun, Prince Raji, who then tries to force her to become his concubine. Unwilling to give up her freedom, Shirayuki cuts her long red hair and escapes into the forest, where she is rescued from Raji by Zen Wistalia, the second prince of a neighboring country, and his two aides. Hoping to repay her debt to the trio someday, Shirayuki sets her sights on pursuing a career as the court herbalist in Zen's country, Clarines. Akagami no Shirayuki-hime depicts Shirayuki's journey toward a new life at the royal palace of Clarines, as well as Zen's endeavor to become a prince worthy of his title. As loyal friendships are forged and deadly enemies formed, Shirayuki and Zen slowly learn to support each other as they walk their own paths. [Written by MAL Rewrite] New Tamagotchi! anime series. There are some humans capable of using magical power to manifest their souls as weapons and control forces beyond normal comprehension. These people are known as Blazers, and those who are recognized as such can undergo training at academies to become Mage-Knights. Ikki Kurogane is an aspiring Mage-Knight, despite being considered the worst student at Hagun Academy as an F-ranked Blazer—the lowest rank possible. One morning, he accidentally stumbles upon Stella Vermillion, a visiting princess and A-ranked Blazer who has just enrolled at Hagun, in a state of undress. As a result, she challenges him to a duel where the loser will be the winner’s slave. It seems like a surefire win for Stella, but could there be more to Ikki than meets the eye? Rakudai Kishi no Cavalry tells the story of Ikki’s valiant efforts to qualify for an upcoming tournament that could bring him a step closer to his dreams, aided by Stella. Together, they will prove that hard work can overcome the limits set upon them. With his parents abroad, Kimihito Kurusu lived a quiet, unremarkable life alone until monster girls came crowding in! This alternate reality presents cutting-edge Japan, the first country to promote the integration of non-human species into society. After the incompetence of interspecies exchange coordinator Agent Smith leaves Kimihito as the homestay caretaker of a Lamia named Miia, the newly-minted "Darling" quickly attracts girls of various breeds, resulting in an ever-growing harem flush with eroticism and attraction. Unfortunately for him and the ladies, sexual interactions between species is forbidden by the Interspecies Exchange Act! The only loophole is through an experimental marriage provision. Kimihito's life becomes fraught with an abundance of creature-specific caveats and sensitive interspecies law as the passionate, affectionate, and lusty women hound his every move, seeking his romantic and sexual affections. With new species often appearing and events materializing out of thin air, where Kimihito and his harem go is anyone's guess! [Written by MAL Rewrite] It was officially announced at the Dengeki Game Festival 2015 event that Strike the Blood will be getting a two-episode OVA series to be released at the end of 2015. The OVA will be an original story written by Gakuto Mikumo. (Source: MAL News) OVA bundled with the 15th and 16th volume of the manga. 15th volume DVD will feature the sin of greed as the central character. 16th volume DVD will feature side stories of the main characters in omnibus format. (Source: MAL News) It's hard being the older step brother to a pair of demonic sisters. It's even harder having to defend them from the power hungry denizens of the demonic underworld. Such is the life of Basara Toujou; and he's done a pretty decent job of managing it so far. Shinmai Maou no Testament Burst directly follows the events of the previous season, with Basara and his sisters Mio and Maria Naruse attempting to enjoy a somewhat normal life. The best laid plans of demons and men oft go awry however, and Basara, Mio, and their friends begin to face a number of new threats. As if the situation couldn't get complicated enough, Maria's older sister Rukia shows up, insisting that Basara and the Naruse sisters must come to the realm of demons. The first episode adapts two bonus chapters from Mizuho Kusanagi's 12th manga volume, titled "On That Back" and "Kija." "On That Back" follows an incident at a hot spring hotel, and "Kija" depicts the past of the Hakuryuu Kija. The second two episodes adapt the rest of the Zeno Arc and were bundled with the 21st and 22nd volumes of the manga. (Source: ANN) For thousands of years after its development, mankind used the written word for communication between people and generations. As millenia passed and technology became more prevalent, writing - and thus, communication as a whole - diminished, until it could only be found on cell phones and computer screens. Seeing an opportunity, the sorcerer Sogan Kenzaki starts infecting words with the Nesta Virus, which brings them to life and turns them into monsters called MJBK (Menace of Japanese with Biological Kinetic energy). To counter this attack against humanity, an organization known as DEAVA (Division of EArth Verbalism Ability) assembles a group of youths with the ability of "Verbalism". They have to pilot the vector machines, which are used to form the mechas dubbed "Aquarions". The one wild card in the situation is the self-dubbed "savior", a young man who is the direct relative of a famous calligrapher, named Akira Kaibuki. Naïve 16-year-old Mamori Tokonome is accustomed to being teased at school for having an unfortunate surname that can also be read as "virgin." However, young Mamori will soon have to get used to being teased in other ways... Kidnapped during gym class, Mamori wakes up only to find herself stranded and under attack on the exotic island of Mermaid. Luckily, enigmatic fellow castaway Mirei Shikishima knows exactly how to take the lead—through a passionate kiss, Mirei unleashes Mamori's Exter transformation abilities, turning the innocent red-head into a battle-ready cutlass through the power of arousal. The duo will need to tap into that power as Mermaid Island is full of potential friends and foes: Charlotte, the sadistic Liberator of an Exter harem; the gluttonous and crafty Meifon; the mysterious but charismatic Akira Hiiragi; and the erotic biker duo Lady Lady. Mamori and Mirei's powerful and intimate embrace is the only way for the pair to ensure their survival on this scandalous island. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Chibi versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters. Long, long ago, an epic catastrophe, known as Invertia, caused a complete change in the world's power balance. In the years following this disaster, a group known as the Integrated Enterprise Foundation rose to power. In addition to this massive change, a new breed of humans born with amazing physical skills known as Genestella also emerged and joined the ranks of humanity. Gakusen Toshi Asterisk follows the story of Ayato Amagiri, a student who has just transferred into one of the six most elite schools for Genestella students in the world—Seidoukan Academy—where students learn to control their powers and duel against each other in entertainment battles known as festas. Unfortunately, Ayato gets off to a rough start. When trying to return a lost handkerchief to a female classmate, he accidentally sees her changing which leads to her challenging him to a duel. What most people don't realize however, is that Ayato has no real interest in festas and instead has an alternative motive for joining this prestigious school. What is Ayato's big secret? Will he be able to keep up his act when surrounded by some of the greatest Genestella in the world? A short series featuring the mythical Pokemon Hoopa. Set just after the events of the Buu Saga of Dragon Ball Z , a deadly threat awakens once more. People lived in peace without knowing who the true heroes were during the devastating battle against Majin Buu. The powerful Dragon Balls have prevented any permanent damage, and our heroes also continue to live a normal life. In the far reaches of the universe, however, a powerful being awakens early from his slumber, curious about a prophecy of his defeat. Join Gokuu, Piccolo, Vegeta, Gohan, and the rest of the Dragon Ball crew as they tackle the strongest opponent they have ever faced. Beerus, the god of destruction, now sets his curious sights on Earth. Will the heroes save the day and prevent earth's destruction? Or will the whims of a bored god prove too powerful for the Saiyans? Gokuu faces impossible odds once more and fights for the safety of his loved ones and the planet. OVAs based on the "past arc" of the series, which spans the 14th through 17th volumes of the manga. (Source: MAL News) Ren Homura has just moved back to his hometown of Kaminohara, but he isn't able to remember much about the time he spent there other than vague flashbacks. When he retrieves his cell phone which he had sent to a shop for repairs, he finds that a mysterious game titled “Monster Strike” has been installed on it. Unaware of its purpose or how it got there, Ren decides to open it, an action that will change his life forever as he finds himself suddenly attacked by a strange man. Now trapped on the roof of his school which strangely has been designated as a "stage," Ren is shocked to see the man summon a realistic monster from the game, one that is more than capable of inflicting damage on a human. His only chance of getting out of this situation alive is by summoning the dragon Oragon, who tells Ren that he will crush the opposing monster for him. Unfortunately, it turns out that Oragon is a tiny dragon that is completely useless! [Written by MAL Rewrite] When darkness threatens the world, four heroes hold the only hope for salvation—if they can even manage to get out of the first town, that is. Bikini Warriors follows a party of beautiful adventurers in revealing armor: courageous Fighter, airheaded Paladin, timid Mage, and alluring Darkelf. But can you really be an adventurer if you don't get going on an adventure? Our heroes are eternally broke, insufferably vain, and frequently outmatched by the dangers of their world. Between fleeing dungeons and robbing peasants, the unlikely heroes will have to learn to live with each other before they can survive a battle with ultimate evil! When I came to, I realized I was standing in the middle of a vast, snowy plain I knew nothing of. I didn't know how I got there. And to add to that, I couldn't remember anything, not even my name. I stood there, dumbfounded at my absurd situation. But then, as if to spite me further, a gigantic monster suddenly appeared, an insect-like creature that began to bear down on me. I tried desperately to run, but it cornered me into a hopeless situation. It was then that the girl appeared. Her name was Kuon. It was this beautiful girl, who bore an animal's ears and tail, that saved my life. (Source: ANN) A recap episode of episodes 1 through 10 of Kekkai Sensen . Leonardo Watch reflects on his experiences at Libra. Original short anime bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Sora no Method . During the live-stream of the Majo Labo! program, it was announced that Kakusansei Million Arthur will be receiving an ONA adaptation. The ONA will be based on the official 4-koma web comic and will run for four cours, debuting in Fall. Kakusansei Million Arthur is a card-battle game based on the legend of King Arthur. One million people also claim this title, wielding their own Excalibur. Developed by Square Enix, the game was originally released on iOS and Android in 2012 and since received a PlayStation Vita and Nintendo 3DS version in 2014. The comic is based on the game and is drawn by Choboraunyopomi ( Ai Mai Mi ). It was published online in October 2014 and currently, there are 17 chapters. (Source: MAL News) Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN) The shorts tell the story of two twin princesses, Berry and Flora, whose mother died giving birth to them. The two grow up until their father chooses Berry to don the title of "Onaka Hime," or Stomach Princess, who is endowed with the power to heal the kingdom's citizens of illness and make its women beautiful through using BifiX 1000. Flora is disheartened at not being chosen, yet continues her studies. When it seems Berry is yet unable to use the powers of BifiX 1000 to heal a woman who is ill, Flora steals the product to try to do it herself. When Berry finds out what Flora is up to, she takes the product back before Flora has a chance to try to use it. (Source: ANN) Unaired short specials included in the second through fifth Blu-ray and DVD volumes Etotama . Arslan Senki (TV): Dakkan no Yaiba retells the events of the series' first 13 episodes, summarizing the events that transpired from Arslan's escape with Daryun, to their time in the Peshawar Citadel. Specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Overlord featuring simplified character animations. Concrete Revolutio: Choujin Gensou takes place in an alternate future during the year Apotheosis 41. Earth has been inhabited by an array of beings once thought to be pure fiction: ghosts, robots, aliens, cyborgs, you name it. This horrific reality is not something that many can accept. To keep the civilian population from panicking and to protect humanity from any new threats that may arise, the various governments of the world have decided to keep this information secret. The Japanese government's solution to this problem is to set up the Super Population Research Laboratory, also known as the "Superhuman Bureau." This organization is tasked with keeping track of all the special beings within Japan and containing, or eliminating, individuals that are deemed to be a threat. As only other superhumans can really stand up to superhumans, the Bureau consists of almost all non-human members. The one exception is Jirou Hitoyoshi, whose main job is to recruit new talent and bolster the number of superhumans working for the government. One day, a crucial decision forces Jirou to become a vigilante, with the Bureau he once served now hunting him. How will he handle the transition from hero to fugitive? An anime short for the Pokemon XY series. It is available in Japan along with the purchasing of a ticket for Hoopa and the Clash of Ages movie, which this short ties into. (Source: Bulbapedia) According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015. (Source: Hobby Japan) The special will revisit the childhood past of the three sworn brothers Luffy, Ace, and Sabo, when they all dreamed of becoming pirates. In addition, it will depict how Sabo originally came into the kingdom of Dressrosa (which was not depicted in Eiichiro Oda's original manga or the television anime), as well as his reunion with Luffy from his point of view. Deep under the ground, there are blue crystals called Giftium, which are regarded as highly valuable in the world Gift. Sougo Amagi's hobby is gathering Giftium. After all, the mining town of Garden Indigo where he lives is well-known for the abundance of it underground. He lives his days repetitively and without many disturbances, until one day he gets into a quarrel with his classmates Kaon, Roman and Otto. Their conflict escalates and a few missed steps send Sougo and Kaon falling into a hole. After recovering, they discover an underground lake and a strange blue-haired girl called Felia. Although they quickly strike a friendship with the girl, when they leave the mine they are suddenly faced with many problems. A secret organization is following Kaon and his friends in order to capture Felia, who is though to have special powers. Comet Lucifer follows their story as they must now protect themselves and the girl from the dangers that lie ahead. Included with the second Blu-ray box set for the series, the short adapts "sunny day," an alternate "good" ending to the "Unlimited Blade Works" route from the original Fate/stay night game. Based on the erotic novel by Wakatsuki Hikaru and Hima. A girl of royal blood wants to sneak out of a dangerous town before she gets killed. The only problem is, she doesn't have enough cash to fund an escape or to hire a bodyguard. There’s only one possible way out of this - become a prostitute. (Source: HentaiHaven) A short special that features characters from the arcade game Lord of Vermillion III engaged in battle. The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Picture dramas bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes. A special of the Ojarumaru series. Mini OVA episodes bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Valkyrie Drive: Mermaid . At the beginning of time, a mystical meteor came crashing down from outer space and scattered all over the world. A piece of it landed in the Eastern Continent. There were mysterious totems carved upon the meteor, and people gathered around it wanting to discover its usage. They discovered the Way, and established The Tradition. Several thousand years later, the fourteen years old orphan Chen Chang Shang left his master to cure his illness and change his fate. He brought a piece of marriage vow with him to the capital, thus began the journey of a rising hero. (Source: Binggo&Corp) Special episode delivered to customers who pre-order all six Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Dog Days'' .  Four picture dramas included on the bonus DVD. This special will have the Straw Hats fight Foxy again in the New World on Nebulandia, an island that nullifies Devil Fruit powers. The second half of the special will look back at the series so far and provide a complete explanation of "all the mysteries" in the show. It will also preview what will happen in the future of the series. Unaired episode included in the eighth Blu-ray and DVD volume. Ema visits Tina's house after a long time. While singing and spinning yarn, Tina and the children spend a peaceful time together. She had the power to spin the yarn which once carried magic power brought by her foster father, Natoria. (Source: Official Twitter) Legend tells of the all-powerful Monkey King, who was unmatched in combat, and walked freely through Heaven, Earth, and Hell. After breaking some of the most important rules set by the Gods, he is imprisoned in an ice cage under the mountains, bound by the only powers able to control him. Without the great Monkey King, darkness falls across China. While fleeing from the monsters that have attacked his village, a small boy hides in the mountains as his only place of safety, and finds a strange icy pillar bound in chains. He touches the ice, breaking the spell, and begins the events of the movie Monkey King: Hero is Back . The Snack World follows a ragtag group of friends who embark on an adventure together. They live in a land similar to traditional fantasy settings but with certain modern twists like cell phones and convenience stores. The film adaptation of the One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes web manhua. An episode that was released to celebrate October 1, 2015, China's National Day. This special is about a wounded man who finds himself caught up in the lives of twin sisters, and the man that they both fell in love with. (Source: Wikipedia) Human beings can be divided into two kinds: ordinary people who work for the living, and the undead who work for the dead. For the undead, their lives are dedicated to fulfilling the final wishes of ghosts who died with regrets. As for Baili Dengfeng, he has one and only one destiny in this world: to find his long-missing wife Ruyan. During his quest, Dengfeng makes acquaintance with Jia Xuan, whose family was murdered and is yet to be avenged, Liang You who is cute, naughty and adores him very much, and Liang Yuan, who simply doubts everything neurotically. After a series of events, he also learns of the existence of Spirit Masters and Spirit Slaves, and gets in touch with a mystical organization named "Spirits Expelling Order". With more and more mysteries being unveiled, the truth is drawing closer and closer to Dengfeng, who perhaps would rather not face the whole of it. (Source: Mooncakes Fansub group) A short special included on the 2nd DVD/BD featuring Unico at the beach. The series takes place on a fantastical world where crystals can provide great strength. Their value has led to to the rise of a unique profession: crystal hunting. Heroes of old appear to return peace to earth. The series takes place in ancient times, where people worship totems and several unique tribes exist. The highly respected Totem Warriors have utmost faith in their beliefs and protect their tribes. The protagonist, though not initially set to becomes a Totem Warrior, is eventually placed on that path. And thus, his adventure begins. Scattered throughout the world is proof of an advanced prehistoric civilization. There exist those who desperately want to learn more about these ancient people. The series follows people who set out on an adventure to uncover the truth. The series takes place on a parallel world filled with superhumans. Allegiances are formed between heroes and villains.
