Takumi Fujiwara is an aloof, spacey high-schooler who does delivery runs in his dad's Toyota AE86 in the dead of night. Despite working at a gas station and having friends who are car nuts, he doesn't know a single thing about cars. Takumi is introduced into the world of street racing and his natural talent draws attention from all across Gunma. Will Takumi face the challenges or back out from the call of the mountain passes? The story follows the life of Retsuya and Gouki, two brothers with the same objective as Go and Retsu, to race and win championships! The two new brothers are faced with various traps set by an evil organization...together, along with other friends, they try to enjoy their races as much as possible, showing off their competitive spirit and taking down any kind of evil that might put the sport they love so much at risk! Following his victory over RedSuns leader Ryosuke Takahashi, AE86 driver Takumi Fujiwara is challenged by the Lancer EVO-based "Emperor," a group known for taking decals of racing teams they defeat, cutting them up and placing them on their cars like a fighter plane kill board. Takumi's undefeated streak is on the line as his AE86 is virtually no match against the more powerful and more agile four-wheel-drive EVOs of the Emperor team. (Source: ANN) Jimmy was a typical boy who liked to play computer games. One day he was playing a game called 'Track City' when suddenly he got transported into the game world! Once he regained consciousness, a woman who apparently is the mayoress of the city explains to him that the world is threaten by a powerful malign virus and her allies and their only hope is to ask for the help of the "Legendary racer", the best player of 'Track City". Things get complicated when Jimmy learns that the game made a mistake and confused him with the Legendary racer! Will Jimmy learn the necessary skills to defeat the viruses that threaten the world? Or will he be erased by the 'big head', the heavenly punisher that annihilates those who cannot achieve victory? Ex-Driver is set in the future, when all transportation is easily controlled by AI. Though like all machines they tend to break down or lose control or re-programmed. This is where three high schoolers with non AI cars, Subaru WRX, Super 7, Lotus comes in to save the day and make sure the public is safe at all times. (Source: ANN) Shortly after graduating from high school, Takumi is approached by RedSuns leader Ryosuke Takahashi and offered to join him in forming a professional racing team. Before coming up with an answer to the proposal, Takumi seeks retribution by issuing a rematch to Emperor leader Kyouichi Sudou, who previously defeated him due to an engine failure. He is also challenged by Kai Kogashiwa, a second-generation street racer whose father was once a fierce rival of Takumi's father Bunta. The Lancer EVO-driving group "Emperor" have defeated every racing team they've met in the Gunma region. Now they're out to challenge the duo of Mako and Sayuki and their SilEighty - the Impact Blue of Usui Mountain. (Source: ANN) The story takes place on a world 100 years in the future, a few years before Lisa and Lorna joined eX-D organization. The world where people drives computer-controlled electrically powered "AI cars" which automatically take you where you want to go. However, one AI car mysteriously start to run amok. Now Nina and Rei, as the main driver for ex-D organization have to solve the mystery behind the AI car with evil plot and trap awaiting for them... (Source: AniDB) After winning domestic preliminary round, Lisa, Lorna, and Soichi advance to ex-Driver world race competition held in Los Angeles as representative team from Japan. Like a bad omen, they encountered a reckless AI car the first night they arrived at Los Angeles. Although they successfully stopped the car, the local police department is not very happy about that and insists to examine their car overnight. However, the problem did not stop just there. The daughter of the United States team`s sponsor, Angela, has gone missing. Lorna realized that Angela was on the reckless AI car before. Soichi who guessed that Angel could be in danger then start looking for her. But Soichi got captured by a mysterious man, and he shocked to find Angela is also there. During the confinement inside a warehouse, Soichi finds out that apparently there is a connection between the series of incident and illegal gambling on the ex-Driver world race competition. Now Soichi must escape from the warehouse with Angela... (Source: AniDB) There are many street races in the Initial D Series. This OVA has no plot other than to collect all the street races into one stage. The dialog during the original races is left in. Rick Wheeler was a police detective who got into a fatal car accident while pursuing the criminal Zoda. He was placed into artificial coldsleep for 150 years. Wheeler is brought back to life by Jody Summer and Dr. Stewart, who work with a group of good racers who try to keep prize money out of the hands of unsavory people like the Dark Million Organization run by Black Shadow and Deathborn. Story about a young boy name: Mahha Masaru, who dreamt of having a crush gear fight with the others even though he doesn't have his very own crush gear! One day,  a sudden chance came to him and he got the legendary crush gear which look similer to the one that was used by Kouya Marino and finally he can go and paticipate in his own crush gear fight with his friends and foe!! Takumi Fujiwara and brothers Keisuke and Ryousuke Takahashi have formed "Project D," a racing team aimed at bringing their driving skills to their full potential outside their prefecture. Using the internet, Project D issues challenges to other racing teams and posts results of their races. Managed by Ryousuke, the team has Takumi engaging in downhill battles with his AE86, while Keisuke challenges opponents uphill. Among their rivals are the Seven-Star Leaf (SSR) and Todo-juku. Described as a "modern car racing anime for tween and teen audiences." Though intended to be a television series, several problems led to the project's cancellation after the creation of a 30-minute pilot. The single episode was presented at the 2004 Tokyo Anime Fair. (Source: ANN) Taira Kappeita, or Capeta, was a 4th grader boy. He had lost his mother when he had been very little. Although he pretended to be tough in front of his father, actually he felt lonely. One day, his father brought junk parts home from his workplace and made a racing cart. Soon, they went to a circuit to drive the cart. However, Capeta found that its frame was bent and it could hardly run straight. But, with his technique he managed the cart. Furthermore, he followed soon after the fast cart and he could nearly leave it behind. The driver in the cart was Minamoto Naomi, the champion of the East Japan Junior Cart. Looking at their chase, Naomi's mother, Minamoto Nanako, advised Capeta to take part in the official race. (Source: ANN) A promotional video for the Indy Racing League Bridgestone Indy Japan 3000. A thrilling race. Three drivers with their own stories. A narrow line between victory and defeat. Who will be the champion? A special that comes with the Fourth Stage DVD-BOX. It is comprised of a recap from First Stage to Third Stage, along with staff commentary and sneak preview of the making of the Fourth Stage. Based on a seinen manga by Kusunoki Michiharu serialised in Young Magazine. The story gets its roots from the actual street racing that occurs on Tokyo's Shuto Expressway, one stretch of which is known as the "Wangan", literally meaning "bay side" (although it is generally used to refer to the freeway), the longest, straightest road in the entire country. Of course, there's also lots of traffic to contend with, including a fair number of heavy trucks. Because of this, the action is inherently hazardous, and wrecks are common. Blown engines are also a frequent hazard, especially with the extreme-high power engines. One day, Akio Asakura, a third year high school student, is driving his Fairlady Z (Z31) and is challenged by Tatsuya Shima, a doctor, in his black Porsche 964 Turbo (nicknamed the "BlackBird"). With a friend in the passenger seat and two girls in the back, Akio pitifully tries to win, but is defeated. Determined to become faster, he goes to the junkyard to buy parts for his car, when he sees a pristine, unscratched midnight blue Fairlady Z (S30) in the junkyard. Intrigued as to why such a machine is about to be junked, he buys it. He soon finds that the car is unnaturally fast due to a tuned L28 engine, bored and stroked to 3.1 liters combined with twin turbos, which produces 620bhp. He also finds that all of the car's previous owners had unfortunate accidents in it, starting with the first owner's death. The manga follows Akio's various encounters, though the central plot revolves around his constant battle with the BlackBird for superiority. (Source: AniDB) This is simply the OAV summing up the major events and battles of "Initial D 4th Stage" much like the "Initial D Battle Stage" original summed up the first 3 seasons. Additionally, has 2 extra battles from the manga that were not incorporated into the original 4th Stage. (Source: ANN) Based on a seinen manga by Kusunoki Michiharu serialised in Young Magazine. The story gets its roots from the actual street racing that occurs on Tokyo's Shuto Expressway, one stretch of which is known as the "Wangan", literally meaning "bay side" (although it is generally used to refer to the freeway), the longest, straightest road in the entire country. Of course, there's also lots of traffic to contend with, including a fair number of heavy trucks. Because of this, the action is inherently hazardous, and wrecks are common. Blown engines are also a frequent hazard, especially with the extreme-high power engines. One day, Akio Asakura, a third year high school student, is driving his Fairlady Z (Z31) and is challenged by Tatsuya Shima, a doctor, in his black Porsche 964 Turbo (nicknamed the "BlackBird"). With a friend in the passenger seat and two girls in the back, Akio pitifully tries to win, but is defeated. Determined to become faster, he goes to the junkyard to buy parts for his car, when he sees a pristine, unscratched midnight blue Fairlady Z (S30) in the junkyard. Intrigued as to why such a machine is about to be junked, he buys it. He soon finds that the car is unnaturally fast due to a tuned L28 engine, bored and stroked to 3.1 liters combined with twin turbos, which produces 620bhp. He also finds that all of the car's previous owners had unfortunate accidents in it, starting with the first owner's death. The manga follows Akio's various encounters, though the central plot revolves around his constant battle with the BlackBird for superiority. (Source: AniDB)  Two twins, Ara and Ari, aspire into the world of fashion. Ara wants to become a fashion model, while her sister, Ari, wants to become a fashion designer. They meet a man named Yorang, who is the fashion designer in Heaven. A spin-off of Mach Go Go Go (aka: Speed Racer). The titular Mach Girl is, according to Anime News Network, "a girl named Lip who wanders the land to compete in high-stakes races with her Mach Pink three-wheeler." Iketani missed an opportunity to see Mako-chan and hates himself for never calling to say he was sorry. By chance he runs into her 6 months later, and the situation is awkward. Iketani does not have time to talk at that moment, but both want to talk, so they arrange a second meeting. Iketani goes to the meeting place early, but an old man was left behind from an tourist bus, and asks Iketani to catch the bus for him. Iketani being a nice guy, so he can't say no. Pilot episode for the movie. A spin-off of Mach Go Go Go (aka: Speed Racer). The titular Mach Girl is, according to Anime News Network, "a girl named Lip who wanders the land to compete in high-stakes races with her Mach Pink three-wheeler." Tomoe Shiro, a formidable racer with a very promising career, experiments a U-turn when a serious accident puts his life at stake. He recovers miraculously though when his heart is replaced with the engine of his own racing car. However, because of that very reason, race regulations demote him to the category of a mere mechanical part of the vehicle and is deprived from the right to participate as a pilot in regular races. Only in a far away colonial planet, along with a multitude of other charismatic pilots also vetoed from participating in regular competitions, will he be given the opportunity to race for his pride and the money of the prize. And so this exciting rally starts!! (Source: Official website) Every five years, an exhilarating race called Redline is held, and the universe's most anticipated competition has only one rule: that there are none. Racers are pushed to their absolute limit—a feeling that daredevil driver JP knows all too well. Having just qualified to participate in Redline, he is eager to battle against the other highly skilled drivers, particularly the beautiful rising star and the only other human that qualified, Sonoshee McLaren. But this year's Redline may be far more dangerous than usual—it has been announced to take place on the planet Roboworld with its trigger-happy military and criminals who look to turn the race to their own advantage. However, the potential danger doesn't stop the racers; in fact, it only adds to the thrill. Relying solely on his vehicle's speed, JP prepares for the event to come, aiming to take first place in the biggest race of his life. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sometime in the near future, in an age in which we have established contact and communications with planets outside our galaxy, Scan2Go has become a huge phenomenon throughout all of outer space. Giant races are held at every locality, with each racer gunning for the title of the universe's number one racer! The main character in the series, Kazuya, possesses the power of the eagle, performed well with his blazing, innate power commanding his falconine beast spirit. He competes in a tournament, the "Pro-Racer Exhibition Race.", but was no match for the other teams that had won their way through the competitive Space Preliminaries. Realizing the difficult obstacles that lie before them, Kazuya and his friends leave the small Earth behind and set off on a universe-wide quest to hone their skills as warriors! In Brooms Town, every vehicle has a voice and a personality, and they work together with the human residents in a peaceful harmony. The residents are happy and carefree, but once in a while trouble rears its head. Brooms Town can rest easy, though, for at any sign of danger, the Rescue Team is there. Poli the police car, Roy the fire truck, and Amber the ambulance are joined by their friends as they patrol the streets of Brooms Town and help out its citizens. Robocar Poli is aimed at small children, and has a charming cast of characters composed of rescue vehicles that can transform into humanoid robots. Aimed at teaching children about safety rules, every episode has a moral to be learned. Poli and his friends are here to teach everything from road safety to the value of friendship and teamwork. In 21st century Japan, cars with artificial intelligence for increased safety, known as "A.I. cars," have revolutionized the car industry. Special schools teaching children driving A.I. cars have been established. One day, Kakeru Todoroki, a fifth grader of Arcadia Academy, was summoned by the school principal and given an A.I. car "to save the humanity by chosen drivers like you." The car, however, is not just a car but also a transforming robot known as "Gyrozetter." (Source: ANN) Taking place in the sacred land of street running Kanagawa, once more Takumi Fujiwara will show his driving skills in his now legendary Hachi-roku. In the not so distant future, to cope with the traffic jams and verticalization due to the increased population, the city of Tokyo was reconstructed under the theme of city sharing in which people share the urbane space by transforming the roads and city structure by time of the day. A woman named Nico is walking in the city. She is having her long-awaited day off; however, she does not know what to do and who to hang out with. She hopes an exciting thing suddenly happens. Then, a truck passes right before her eyes. The loud music and flashy decoration of the vehicle reminds Nico the car it that everyone's talking about on the internet. As soon as Nico sees it, she runs after it, then runs into Gatsu and Makito. Nico gets in their latest A-Class and they chase after the truck driving through the city that is changing its form rapidly. (Source: AniDB) Special spin-off episode that aired between episodes three and four of the original PES series. Is also an ad to Toyota's new Vios vehicle. A direct continuation of the previous season where an anthropomorphic car gets separated from his home and arrive in Pororo's village and beings to live there. In Broom's Town, a small town with a strong rescue team, there are always accidents and troubles such as a car sliding off a cliff in the rain, a car crash, a child locked in a firehouse and so on. In every episode the town's rescue team saves characters. At the end of each episode, the rescue team strongly advises the characters who were in danger and children. (Source: AniDB) In 21st century Japan, cars with artificial intelligence for increased safety, known as "A.I. cars," have revolutionized the car industry. Special schools teaching children driving A.I. cars have been established. One day, Kakeru Todoroki, a fifth grader of Arcadia Academy, was summoned by the school principal and given an A.I. car "to save the humanity by chosen drivers like you." The car, however, is not just a car but also a transforming robot known as "Gyrozetter." (Source: ANN) Taking place in the sacred land of street running Kanagawa, once more Takumi Fujiwara will show his driving skills in his now legendary Hachi-roku. Toyota Auris advertisement on Japanese television, featuring Char Aznable from Gundam series. Pororo and the gang entry a sleigh racing contest after getting guidance under a 'champion'. Turns out the champion was a liar and now the gang has to fight tooth and nail to win first place in order to keep their pride after talking big. The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers. After defeating every racing team in the prefecture, everything comes down to one last race. Takumi Fujiwara has never lost a race, but when his opponent is also using an AE86, it turns into a battle of the AE86. Will Project D succeed in the final and most difficult race of Initial D? The fifth season of Pororo with a focus more on racing. The second movie in a trilogy. The scene is set in future Tokyo. What if there was a police car that praises drivers? "Instead of punishing bad driving, let's reward good driving" is the motto. The project is aimed to decrease car accidents on the metropolitan expressway. It is an animation that illustrates the dream of a Tokyo Smart Driver. The person driving the car is an ordinary man. He's zooming by while listening to his favorite driving song when he suddenly sees a pink car approaching him in the rearview mirror. What will be this man's destiny? *This animation is fictitious. Please obey the rules of the road. (Source: Official Youtube Page) A young boy has adventures with his transforming car. A spin-off episode of Yamaha Motor’s original video animation “Master of Torque,” featuring Fuuka Torimi and Nanami Hiyoshi that illustrates the changing of the four seasons and the different joys of motorcycling that come with them. (Source: Official Site) Mercedes-Benz's newest commercial for the A-Class car line featuring the girl group Perfume as CGI songstresses. Kinyoru, Abe Reiji web exclusive episodes that were made to promote the Nissan Serena automobile.
