In the year 2071, humanity has colonized several of the planets and moons of the solar system leaving the now uninhabitable surface of planet Earth behind. The Inter Solar System Police attempts to keep peace in the galaxy, aided in part by outlaw bounty hunters, referred to as "Cowboys". The ragtag team aboard the spaceship Bebop are two such individuals. Mellow and carefree Spike Spiegel is balanced by his boisterous, pragmatic partner Jet Black as the pair makes a living chasing bounties and collecting rewards. Thrown off course by the addition of new members that they meet in their travels—Ein, a genetically engineered, highly intelligent Welsh Corgi; femme fatale Faye Valentine, an enigmatic trickster with memory loss; and the strange computer whiz kid Edward Wong—the crew embarks on thrilling adventures that unravel each member's dark and mysterious past little by little. Well-balanced with high density action and light-hearted comedy, Cowboy Bebop is a space Western classic and an homage to the smooth and improvised music it is named after. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Recap episodes. Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azali. Unable to control the sword's power, Azali was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azali found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azali and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azali to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself Orphen, leaving the Tower and his magical studies behind to wander the world... (Source: ANN) Ryo, Gawl and Koji are 3 young boys who travel back into the past with only 1 objective: change history. In their time they discover that their country, Kubere, uses genetically enhanced persons called generators as a military tool. These generators are the cause for the Third War which kills most of the human population. Now Koji, Ryo and Gawl are there to change all the events. (Source: ANN) The story takes place in 19th century China during the Qing Dynasty, where the Emperor was weakened and the country was close to chaos. It is also during a fictitious era called "The Era of the Cooking Wars". It was an era in which top chefs with different cooking styles tried their best to improve their skills and to become the best chef in China. It is a country where insulting a high-grade chef or fooling around with cooking could land a person in a jail, and impersonating a top-chef is as good as usurpation of authority. Chefs compete with each other in order to gain respect and even power, but also with the risks of losing everything. The country of China has four major regions: Beijing, Szechuan, Shanghai, and Guangdong. The beginning of the story takes place in Szechuan, Mao's birthplace. After the death of Mao's mother, Pai, who was called the 'Fairy of Cuisine', Mao becomes a Super Chef in order to take the title as Master Chef of his mother's restaurant. However, before he takes his mother's place as Master Chef, he continues to travel China in order to learn more of the many ways of cooking, in the hopes of becoming a legendary chef, just like his mother. During his journey, he meets great friends and fierce rivals who wish to challenge him in the field of cooking. (Source: Wikipedia) Miz plans to retire as a Great Priestess of Water to married life with her darling Fujisawa and as replacement the young Qawoor Towles arrives to Floristica. Jinnai sees Qawoor's initiation ceremony as a chance to infiltrate Makoto's laboratory but accidentally activates a mysterious thingy that sends them all through the dimensions to a grey industrial city protected by a huge castle in an alternative world. (Source: ANN) Taba and the Girls of Kagura Total Security Inc. specialize in jobs where their enemy are "Phantom Cats". They have a few run ins with the various Government agencies, as well as a gang of Phantom Cats; blowing up a lot of stuff along the way. When one of their own is kidnapped, they have to get her back. (Source: ANN) In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war. (Source: ANN) Millie Nocturne has one great goal in life: to be the best in the universe - at absolutely everything! But when she tries her hand at being the "best detective," she ends up an unwilling partner with two people who will change her life forever: Kane Blueriver, the psi-blade-wielding master of the starship Swordbreaker, and Canal, the smart-mouthed holographic image of the ship's computer. Join this unlikely trio on their adventures as they hurtle through space facing off against intergalactic crime lords, rogue starships, and hijackers dressed as chickens... and that's just the tip of the asteroid! (Source: RightStuf) Akari Kanzaki has just joined an all-girls academy in hopes of entering the University Satellite, an elite sports training facility. She wants to win the title of Cosmo Beauty - a title held years ago by her mother. It's not an easy task for her as fear, doubt and peer pressure get in her way, but friends, rivals and fans slowly encourage her to overcome her obstacles and become the best of the Battle Athletes. (Source: ANN) Momoko is a high school student, trying to live up to her older sister Sakura. Sakura works in an office along with many other co-workers. The two sisters, and their friends, experience the everyday hardships and situations of being a woman. (Source: ANN) Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN) Taking place mere months after the Saber Marionette J OVA series, this newest installment in the Saber Marionette line follows the continuing adventures of Otaru and his clan of selfless, obsessive marionette girls. This time, the evil Faust is back, and again toying with Marionette technology that was never meant to be explored. The Saber Dolls are back, and torn between their newfound love for Otaru and their undying loyalty to Faust; Will Otaru, Lime, Cherry and Bloodberry be able to stop Faust again, or are they all headed for the scrap heap? (Source: AniDB) This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes. Oraku is a lucky man. He has a comfortable job teaching at a local High School. He has Satsuki, a fellow teacher whom he hopes to marry someday. He has Aya, a beautiful student who has fallen in love with him. He has Aya's father, a wealthy man who wants so much for his little girl to be happy that he has sent her to live with Oraku. Oraku is a very lucky man. Of course Aya loves nothing more than to come on to Oraku by lounging around his apartment half naked. Unfortunately for Oraku, Aya's father happens to be wealthy because he is a major crime boss, and he will have Oraku slowly murdered if Aya doesn't remain absolutely pure. Now Oraku must not only restrain himself, but also protect Aya from the hordes of men and woman at school who'd love to get their hands on her body. And of course, if Satsuki or any of the other teachers find out that Oraku is living with one of his students, he will be permanently dismissed from the teaching profession! Oh yes Oraku is lucky... (Source: AniDB) A children's series about the daily lives of funny insects. (Source: AniDB) Lupin & co. attempt to steal two face plates from millionare Michael Sizuki, thinking that they will lead to an ancient treasure when brought together. However, it soon becomes apparent that there is more behind the plates then meets the eye. (Source: ANN) Miyazawa Yukino is the perfect student. Kind, intelligent, pretty and modest, it's unbelievable that such a person could exist. Little did everyone know Yukino's perfection was just a facade. An act to fulfill her desire for praise and admiration. Her life took a turn however, as a newcomer to their school Arima Soichiro topped the exam rankings. Arima is more than just intelligent, he's also kind, handsome and modest, an unbelievable person who can actually exist. Even worse luck, Arima found out Yukino's secret, blackmailing her to help him out. Their odd relationship soon develops into friendship and eventually into love. But can their love prevail through the many problems that come their way? Sixth grader Sana Kurata has a perfect life. Her mother is a (fairly) successful author, she has a young man employed to keep her happy and safe, and best of all, she is the star of the children's television show Kodomo no Omocha . There's just one thing bothering her, and that's Akito Hayama. Akito is a classmate of Sana's, and ever since he's started acting out in class, the rest of the boys have followed his example. Every day, the girls and the teacher wage a battle to keep the class under control and to get some actual learning done. That rotten Akito… Sana won't stand for this! The hyperactive Sana decides to dig deeper and find out what makes Akito tick, so class can go back to normal and the teacher can stop spending every day crying instead of teaching. But the more she learns about him, the more she realizes that there might be more to Akito than meets the eye. The year is 2023 and Alien Beings known as "Lucifer Hawks" have begun invading earth from another dimension. All that stands between them and the enslavement of the human race is the Attacked Mystification Police Department - a special division of the Tokyo Police staffed by women with amazing paranormal abilities. (Source: ANN) Based on the manga by Shimabukuro Mitsutoshi that ran in Shounen Jump. (Source: AniDB) * Based on the Hudson Soft game. 1000 years ago, the beautiful B-da City was attacked by the Dark B-da in their quest to control the entire Blue Solar System. The heroic B-Daman, drawing on their legendary power and ingenious technology, were able to restore peace to the universe. But, it is only a matter of time before evil forces strike again…Our hero, SHIRO BOM with his friends continue to patrol the Kingdom, fight against Dark B-da, always alert to danger, always ready for fun. (Source: Wikipedia) Milk-chan is a girl who lives in a house stuck on the side of a building with her two sidekicks: Tetsu-ko, a paranoid robot that looks like a bottle and Hanage, a green blob with a mustache. Milk is poor and she can't pay the rent, especially after her attempt to extort a local ant family fails. However, she is saved because the president himself offers her a job (some sort of a secret mission). Milk-chan answers the phone to receive missions from The President by saying something like "Hello, Bank of Hokkaido. Just kidding!" After getting her mission, Milk-chan and her sidekicks take off aboard the "Milk-6" helicopter to go on her mission. Did I tell you this is a spoof of 1970s spy thrillers or some sort of Bond movies? (Source: AniDB) Catholic schoolgirl Inaho discovers that a vampire, Mosquiton, is feeding off of her classmates. So she stakes him, but he is revived after her blood comes in contact with the his remains. Mosquiton becomes her slave and also a history teacher. Together, along with Yuuki and Honou, the unlikely duo have many escapades and adventures. One of Inaho's main goals is to find the mythical O-Part to make some money! (Source: AnimeNfo) Game Tengoku 2 Movie which can be found on the GUNbare! Game Tengoku 2 video game CD for PlayStation. Masquerade is the story surrounding the Hiraga bloodline in which Gen is a part of. Recently orphaned, he moves in to his grandmother's house and unwittingly triggers the Hiraga clan's curse in which nearly every member leads a tragically short life. In his grandmother's house, Gen begins to unravel vaguely remembered memories from a dream he's always had. With the help of an American graduate student, they try to uncover the secret of the Hiraga bloodline, the whispered legend of immortality that is locked in his genes, and a way to keep Gen from sharing the same fate that every one of his ancestors before him has suffered. (Source: ANN) The space travelling company, YAT, is thrown into the unknown realms of the outer space. At the same time, the group encounters the psychic, Maron, and scientist, Note. Subsequently, the two of them are attacked by the evil monarch, Ganon. Note was captured and taken away after suffering an attack from one of Ganon's followers, Baras. In order to rescue Note, the group had to use the instantenoeous portable machine which Note invented so as to travel to Ganon's planet. However, no one knows where the planet is... (Source: ANN) Azusa Noyama is a 12-year-old girl student, taking 5th grade, but everyone knows her as Azuki-Chan, nickname that she dislikes. Yuunosuke Ogasawara, a new student, asks her about her nickname, saying that he likes it. Azuki falls in love with him, and they start going out together. They share a diary, and become boyfriend and girlfriend. (Source: ANN) Anime adaptation of the "Otoko wa Tsurai yo (It's tough being a man)" film series by Youji Yamada. Kuruma Torajirou (or Tora-san), a traveling salesman whose sole possessions include only the contents of a small suitcase, the clothes on his back and some pocket money, wanders from town to town peddling his wares. (Source: Wikipedia) One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN) Based on a manga by Fujinami Toshihiko, serialized in Weekly Spa! between 1998 and 1999. (Source: AniDB) Ken, Joe, and Akira, three high school students, must combine their three mecha into Gekiganger III to defeat the evil Prince Akara and Emperor Hyperion. The OAV is a compilation of the scenes from Nadesico, a new "movie", and is a parody of many mecha series from the 80s. (Source: ANN)  Yusuke (from the first Pia Carrot series) returns as the manager with a whole new cast. So the new male lead is Maeda Koji. Despite being late after an "accident," Koji manages to get the job as the Carrot's waiter because he's very persistent. Included within the set are Azusa (the female lead who hates Koji for his perversion), Ryoko (the manager who's sweet on Koji by working him very hard), Aoi (the token alcoholic), Jun (the secret-hiding waitor), and Mina (Azusa's cute little sister). Pia Carrot 2 is served up as a romantic comedy, with a side of hentai. (Source: ANN) Two years have passed since the end of the "Martian Successor Nadesico." Akito and Yurika have disappeared. The Jovians and the Earthlings have joined forces and Ruri is now captain of Nadesico B. As the popularity of Boson Jumping grows, a vast transportation network has been developed. Dubbed the Hisago Plan, this network of Chulip portals holds the answers to the mysteries behind Bose particles and their power. If those secrets should fall into the wrong hands, it could mean big trouble. And big trouble there is. A Martian splinter group has launched an offensive, leaving the United Forces befuddled and desperate. So much so, in fact, that the former crew of the Nadesico is called back to active duty for a special unsanctioned mission-to save us all. Does this menagerie of misfits have what it takes? Who will win the race for the Boson technology? And what the heck happened to Akito and Yurika?   Tokyo Pig is the wacky and crazy story of a young boy named Spencer and his magical pet pig named Sunny. This is the wierd adventures of these two wierdos. (Source: ANN) It is the 25th century. The dark lord has 'infected' history with time-devices that could damage history beyond repair. Flint and his father lived in the prehistorics when they got turned into fossiles. They are discovered and Flint ges turned back to his original state. With the help of his father, a boy Tony and a girl Sara he has to travel trough time to bring the time-devices back to the land of time so history will be saved. (Source: ANN) Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] SD parody version of Voogie's Angel based on its radio drama of the same name. The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) These are 3 episodes of about 6 minutes of pure CCS fun! Refer to any point during the series. Based on the manga by Sasaki Takemaru. Nobi Nobita is a 4th-grade boy in Tokyo. One day, a round, blue cat-style robot (minus ears) pops up in his desk drawer. Nobita's great-great-grandson (or something) lives in the 22nd Century, but thanks to Nobita's mistakes, the entire family is living in poverty. To rectify this, Nobita's descendant sends Doraemon back to the past, to help prevent Nobita from making mistakes. Of course this is a difficult task since Nobita is the weakest and least intelligent child in his class. Doraemon does, however, have a 4-dimensional pocket on his front, which contains cool gadgets from the future. With these toys, Doraemon will try to help Nobita. Unfortunately, Nobita also has the bad habit of misusing Doraemon's gadgets and landing himself in yet more trouble! (Source: AnimeNfo) Movie version of the Doraemon: Come Back Doraemon Special. Finding a treasure is always been so hard! But, nothing is ever impossible for Doraemon and his magic tool. And so, with the help of Doraemon, Nobita and the rest of the gang set sail on a ship to find treasure on an islands. However on their way to the island, the ships have almost been destroyed and resulting Nobita to stray on an island with a young pirate while Doraemon and the rest of the gang somehow involved in a war between pirates.And so, their adventure begins... Follow Taiyo and Kei on their journey in space, filled with laughter and skinship as they meet new friends and enemies in their search for the missing core of Agga Ruter. (Source: ANN) Join the madcap adventures of the Osawagi family. Little Kotetsu, arguably the most energetic boy in the town of Urayasu, is always getting into mischief with his band of quirky friends. Features unique, well-drawn characters and fast-paced action and humor. (Source: TBS) Continuation of the TV series. Licca is in grave danger once she finds out that she is the princess of the Doll Kingdom. Now, the evil Dr. Scarecrow is after her and her throne. So Licca's grandmother gives her a set of dolls. When needed, the dolls will transform into larger versions known as the Doll Knights. Together, they will protect Licca. (Source: AnimeNfo) Bamboo-Lee, Dah-Lee, and Slo-Lee are three bears with a goal: to save the world before more species become extinct. But can the bears stand up to the spineless villains behind Ratco Corporation? With Ai-Ai the pink dragon on their side, they may be able to rescue the environment before it's too late. The evil overlord Makuamuge is planning to take over both the game and real worlds, and it is up to the ninja Goemon, his friends, girlfriend, and giant robot to defeat Makuamuge's henchmen and save both worlds.  A large collection consisting of the adventures of the Goddesses featured in the anime and manga series Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat. A special two-parts episode aired between episode 14 and 15 of Dr. Slump 2. Our story is set in another world, parallel to ours. We meet Pastel, an orphan girl, 18 years old, who lives with a group of adventurers in a small house. Pastel works as a writer and also a "mapper", charting towns, the countryside, rivers and mountains with sketches and illustrations. She is highly respected by her friends as her intelligence and honesty are extraordinary. Living in the house with Pastel, we meet Clay, a young swordsman; Trapp, the son of a bandit chieftain; Kitton, literally a working dictionary and a descendant of the Family Kittons; Knoll, a big guy a with tender heart; Whitey, a baby dragon; and Rumy, an infant sorcerer of the tribe "Elf." Together this odd group become involved in many mysterious adventures from treasure hunting, to searching for a missing person, to challenging a riddle, to many more unexpected quests. (Source: Enoki Films USA) As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB) In Penguin Village, humans live alongside talking animals and objects. Senbei Norimaki is one of these humans, and he's an inventor with the lofty dream of creating the world's best robot girl. The product of his efforts is Arale, but depending on your definition of perfect, she's anything but! Not only is Arale severely nearsighted, but she also has no common sense! At least she has super-strength, though that often proves to be a setback as well. Although she means well, Arale only causes trouble for her neighbors in the whimsical Penguin Village! Unaired episodes of Seihou Bukyou Outlaw Star included in the eighth and twelfth volumes of the VHS. After the battle with Doakuder at Soukaizan (the "other" world where the rainbow has disappeared because of the devils), a demon world Devil came to Genseikai (human world) and stole Wataru's conscience. Because of that, Wataru's heart of justice and his memories of being Kyuuseishu (world savior) vanished. After Shibaraku and Himiko brought him back to Shinbukai (the "other" world, where Soukaizan is located), Wataru regained his memories, however his conscience was still missing. To get it back, Kyuuseishu Wataru must return to fight the devils, rescuing all of Soukaizan from catastrophe! Chou Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru is the 3rd work of the Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru TV series by SUNRISE, and is considered as a "remake" series of the previous Wataru series. It started airing from October 2, 1997, and ended on September 24, 1998, every Thursday from 6:00 to 6:30pm, with a total of 51 episodes. (Source: AniDB) Ryoutsu, being an underpayed policeman, is always coming up with ways to make some quick money. But in the end, his plans which are ridiculous from the beginning always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the Buchou. Dee Laytner and Randy "Ryo" Maclane are two New York cops taking a needed vacation in England. Dee has very strong feelings for Ryo and wants to take this chance to advance their relationship (and if he's lucky, maybe seduce Ryo). Ryo doesn't understand his own feelings for Dee, and doesn't know if he wants to (or should) acknowledge them. Their vacation and relationship is suddenly disturbed when murders and missing person reports keep surfacing around their hotel. The only common tie the cases have is that all of the victims were Japanese or Japanese descent. Dee and Ryo have to solve the case before Ryo, who is half Japanese, becomes the next victim. (Source: ANN) A catastrophic earthquake has left Tokyo, and most of the Earth for that matter, under the sea. Aika is a salvager who retrieves various remains from the watery ruins. When Aika accepts the dangerous mission of locating and obtaining the mysterious Lagu, she discovers that she's not the only one after it. The story revolves around Kanipan aiming to be the best inventor and his adventures while trying to accomplish this. Follows the exploits of Team Warrior, a special anti-terror wing of the Neo-Tokyo Police force. Team Warrior is comprised of the habitually broke Rio, gun-crazy Maya, computer specialist Lillica, tech-expert Nanvel, piliot/voyeur Yuji, and is led by the enigmatic Maki. The team faces a number of missions, ranging from bodyguard duty, breaking up robbery and arms rackets, and providing security for a very powerful tank. Rio and company continually thwart the terrorist aims of Ruby, an operative for a shadowy cabal of powerful men. Before the final showdown, the circumstances behind the formation of Team Warrior, how the precocious Rio came to join it, and Maki's painful past will be revealed. (Source: ANN) It's in the not too distant future. One day Nuku-Nuku dropped in and began to live with the Natsume family. Having lost her memory, Nuku-Nuku assumed the identity of a beautiful girl named Atsuko Higuchi. She was so beautiful and gentle, and besides, she was such a great cook that Ryunosuke, 14, was all smiles. However, after her arrival in town, a series of mysterious incidents started to happen in Maneki City - Experimental machines running haywire, roaring fighter aircraft flying low, mass destruction in the city. In every case, a mysterious girl was spotted at the scene of the incident. (Source: AnimeNfo) Each episode centers on Nuku Nuku's adventures and mishaps in high school, and her relationship to students, the overall series plot centers on the evil Mishima Industries' scheme to dominate the world through its products. In opposition to this plan are the slightly nutty Kyuusaku Natsume and Nuku Nuku, the android who acts as a companion to his young son. Nuku Nuku's classmates are all eccentrics, Futaba, the class president, is a domineering control-freak, who cannot leave her authority in school. Chieko Shirakaba is the rich snob with the two yes-girls who always take her side. There is a bookworm, a mystic, a scientist, and a pop singer. All of these are true to their descriptions: the mystic is always foretelling doom via tarot cards, spirits, or some other occult technique. The pop singer never says anything except as a song. The bookworm always has her nose in a book. These eccentricities add to the series' humor. (Source: ANN) The only thing that concerns Coji Coji is enjoying life and the wonders of nature. Coji Coji’s friends, on the other hand, are a varied bunch of colorful characters whose many idiosyncrasies have a tendency to create turmoil among one another. Coji Coji’s carefree ways and tendency to shirk responsibility are sometimes a source of frustration, but his childlike wisdom has a way of resolving all of their differences. (Source: AniDB) In order to protect the earth from the aliens, the god of Takoyaki created the five warriors of justice, Takoyaki Mantle Man. They risk their lives for justice. Takoyaki Mantle Man has round face, and wear a white cape and octopus belt as their symbol. Red is a leader whose special attack is Pickled Ginger Clash. Green is an energetic and hasty boy whose special attack is Green Onion Nunchaku. Pink is a precocious girl whose special attack is Okaka Flash. Blue is a sweet crybaby whose special attack is Seaweed Buster. Yellow is a cheerful boy whose special attack is Tenkasu Beam. Takoyaki Mantle Man is cute and strong heroic characters, friendly to children. Their enemies are too silly to hate. It is a very lively and amusing story. (Source: ANN) Gene Starwind has always dreamed of piloting his own ship out into the vast sea of stars. Unfortunately, not all dreams come true, as he spends his days working odd jobs alongside his partner, James Hawking, on the small planet Sentinel III instead. However, this all takes a turn when the duo takes on a job from Rachel Sweet who, unbeknownst to them, is actually a treasure-hunting outlaw. Tasked with protecting a mysterious girl known as Melfina, the meeting irrevocably changes the pair's lives as they are sent out into the great unknown aboard the highly advanced ship, Outlaw Star. Seihou Bukyou Outlaw Star follows Gene and his ragtag crew as they brave the final frontier, navigating the stars in search of answers to the mysteries surrounding Melfina. Encountering dangerous bounty hunters, space pirates, Taoist mages, and even catgirls, there is sure to be an exhilarating adventure around every corner. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Due to the violence portrayed in the Cowboy Bebop world and violence in Japanese schools, the series was briefly cancelled and an extra session was created as a final episode to the first thirteen episodes aired. Called "Session XX: Mish-Mash Blues," a compilation of clips from previous episodes, it aired on June 26, 1998 on TV Tokyo. The episode was never released on DVD. In it, the characters provide a philosophical commentary and end with the words: This Is Not The End. You Will See The Real "Cowboy Bebop" Someday! (Source: AniDB) In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN) In the final years of the Bakumatsu era lived a legendary assassin known as Hitokiri Battousai. Feared as a merciless killer, he was unmatched throughout the country, but mysteriously disappeared at the peak of the Japanese Revolution. It has been ten peaceful years since then, but the very mention of Battousai still strikes terror into the hearts of war veterans. Unbeknownst to them, Battousai has abandoned his bloodstained lifestyle in an effort to repent for his sins, now living as Kenshin Himura, a wandering swordsman with a cheerful attitude and a strong will. Vowing never to kill again, Kenshin dedicates himself to protecting the weak. One day, he stumbles across Kaoru Kamiya at her kendo dojo, which is being threatened by an impostor claiming to be Battousai. After receiving help from Kenshin, Kaoru allows him to stay at the dojo, and so the former assassin temporarily ceases his travels. Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan tells the story of Kenshin as he strives to save those in need of saving. However, as enemies from both past and present begin to emerge, will the reformed killer be able to uphold his new ideals? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Haruka Nishikikoji is an overweight doctor that never seems to attract any girls. Fate finds a way as he lands a job as a doctor in an elementary school, wherein his workplace can be found on top of the schools' roof and the actual clinic looks like a medieval castle. Just when everything seems to go downhill, a surprise came one day, her first love Koizumi Miyuki, applies as her soon to be nurse. Her name is Esumi Fuuka. Standing tall at 163 cm with a slender bodyline, she must be a university undergraduate; however, in reality, she is only an elementary school student. With a body figure of an adult and the mentality of a small child, she creates many misunderstandings around her. The civilians of the Crayon Kingdom have always view their Princess Silver as a twelve-year old girl with a beautiful smile. However, unknown to them, the princess has 12 bad habits. This has created much distress to the Chameleon Prime Minister and the Crayon ministers for it would be embarassing if this gets out. One day, a party was held to celebrate Princess Silver's twelvth birthday. The princess was trying to seek her Prince Charming that she forgot to take notice of her bad habits. One of the boys at the party was so angry that he changed Silver's parents, the King and Queen, into stone. In order to break the curse and save her parents, Silver decided to set on a journey to locate the boy. Together with her companions, Silver begins her adventure. While Luffy and his crew of Zoro and Nami are starving on their small boat, they are attacked by a large monster. Nami is taken away, while Luffy and Zoro wash up on shore. There they meet a young girl, Medaka, and learn of the sad history of the island. The evil Pirate Ganzack has taken away all the men in the village and enslaved them, including Medaka's father. Now Luffy, Zoro, and Medaka must infiltrate Ganzack's base in order to rescue the villagers and Nami. (Source: ANN) Ultra-Nyan's adventures continue. This time, he is tasked with finding the cause of the crows' sudden declaration of war upon the cats. Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the first series and contains Christmas Night & Kanga Games. With four-frame comic origins, this animated title preserves the same quick pace by following the regular cast of colorful characters through separate but interwoven story lines in every episode. From Ms. Shitara's relentless but always ineffective sexual pursuit of young Takagi to the adventures of the heroicly stupid but cute Sushi Cat, you will be mystified at the silliness of it all but find yourself laughing for the same reason! (Source: AniDB) Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An elite soldier, whose nickname is God of Death, is transferred to another unit known as the PaPaRa Army. The PaPaRa Army is infamous for its elite but hilariously crazy members. There is no plot to speak of other than humour, hilarious brutality, and general nonsense. This is also Matsuzawa-sensei's debut work. It was a successful science experiment gone horribly wrong. When a team of scientists discovers the DNA of the ancient Pokémon Mew, they harnessed the potential within it in an attempt to create the ultimate living weapon. With advanced cloning techniques and resources provided to them by Team Rocket crime syndicate leader Giovanni, the scientists succeed in creating the powerful psychic Pokémon, Mewtwo. Pokemon: Mewtwo no Gyakushuu reveals the terrifying power of Mewtwo as he learns that not only was he created to be an experiment, but also to be a tool for Giovanni’s sinister dealings. Breaking free of his control, Mewtwo creates his own island fortress and reconstructs the cloning technology that gave life to him. Under the guise of being a master Pokémon trainer, Mewtwo lures the best trainers in the world to his base. Among these trainers are Ash Ketchum, his loyal Pokémon Pikachu, and their friends Brock and Misty. United together, human and Pokémon alike, they must not only discover the hidden secret of Mewtwo's plans, but stand against his terrifying might. If they fail, Mewtwo’s vengeance will not only lead to tyranny over all the Pokemon, but also the extinction of the human race. Yamazaki comes to Earth from an other planet, hoping to conquer our planet. But he soon realizes, that in order to conquer the world, he has to conquer a his own classroom first. That's why he comes up with lots of different ideas to get everybody to follow him. Also, he spends most of his time making Tatsuya (the class rep.) miserable. Having his loyal and strange dog Watanabe always by his side, and the help from his grandparents, Yamazaki is always doing crazy things with his class, completely forgetting his primary goal, and only thinking in becoming "The King of the Class". (Source: ANN) Yuugi is a somewhat frail young boy who happens to be a big fan of gaming of any kind. But when he solves an ancient egyptian puzzle he is granted all the powers of darkness. Now when confronted with danger and injustice, he transforms into a much darker and dangerous form, and proceeds to dish out the justice and punishment for those who so richly deserve it. (Source: AnimeNfo) Ash and his friends arrive at a Pokémon-only park. They set all their Pokémon loose and, after Ash tells Pikachu to watch over Togepi, they enter for a day of fun and relaxation. Unfortunately, it's not going to turn out the way they had hoped. (Source: Serebii) Okometsubu Fujiyama has recently transferred over to a new school, Wakame High School. His goal is to make 100 friends--until he meets the extremely wierd Masaru Hananakajima. Masaru is a martial artist whose specialty is the "Sexy Commando" form of martial art. Masaru forms a club based on this art, including Fujiyama, who he nicknames Fuumin, in the club. The club becomes full of strange, yet wacky people. Aliens, moustaches, and cute fuzzy animals are encountered as the club moves along and gets steadily more popular. (Source: ANN) Vash the Stampede is the man with a $$60,000,000 bounty on his head. The reason: he's a merciless villain who lays waste to all those that oppose him and flattens entire cities for fun, garnering him the title "The Humanoid Typhoon." He leaves a trail of death and destruction wherever he goes, and anyone can count themselves dead if they so much as make eye contact—or so the rumors say. In actuality, Vash is a huge softie who claims to have never taken a life and avoids violence at all costs. With his crazy doughnut obsession and buffoonish attitude in tow, Vash traverses the wasteland of the planet Gunsmoke, all the while followed by two insurance agents, Meryl Stryfe and Milly Thompson, who attempt to minimize his impact on the public. But soon, their misadventures evolve into life-or-death situations as a group of legendary assassins are summoned to bring about suffering to the trio. Vash's agonizing past will be unraveled and his morality and principles pushed to the breaking point. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Miho Shinohara is a care-free third-grader and an aspiring manga artist. One day, she encounters Mogu and Pigu - two lost fairies disguised as stuffed animals. In exchange for staying at her home until they find a way to return to their own world, the fairies give Miho a special sketch pad and pencil that enable her to magical create real objects from what she draws. With the pen, Miho can also transform into Lala, a beautiful teenage girl created from her manga art. As Lala, she is discovered by a talent agency, and so begins her adventures from an ordinary school girl to a model to an idol singer. (Source: ANN) Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN) Shido Tatsuhiko is not only a private eye... he is also a vampire with no real memory of his past. Joined by Yayoi Matsunaga, a female government agent, Riho Yamazaki, an orphaned teenage girl working as his girl Friday and Guni, a little green imp, Shido must face demonic creatures known as Nightbreed. Meanwhile, Cain, the vampire who made him what he is now, is seeking him... (Source: ANN) Tasuke Shichiri is the envy of his friends because since his parents are always traveling he can do as he pleases. It's a surprise present from his father that keeps him from being lonely: an odd ring known as the shitenrin. From it comes a moon goddess named Shaorin, dedicated to protecting her "master" -- no matter how much of a mess she makes doing it!  Yume de Aetara is a story about one guy Fuguno Masuo (a complete loser when it comes to relationship with women) and two girls: Shiozaki Nagisa and Hamaoka Miho. Since the story is pretty simple (and hilariously funny), further explanation will spoil everything (take the hint: watch it yourself!) (Source: AniDB) Fuguno Matsuo has never had a girlfriend all his 24 years in life and what makes things worse is that a fortune teller predicted that he never will. However, when he laid his eye on Nagisa-sensei he fell in-love right away and began earnestly wooing her. Along comes Hamaoka, a co-worker who is smitten with Fuguno, and a love-triangle ensues. Ran has a nightmare about her mother dying, but starts to remember what really happened involving herself, her mother, and her father from 10 years ago. Meanwhile, people are being injured by a certain culprit. Conan soon realizes that these people all have some kind of relation to Mouri, and that they all had a number in their name corresponding to a playing card and were being targeted in order, from the king down to the ace. The police soon decide that a murderous card dealer who just got out of jail and wanted revenge on Mouri is behind it. However, as injuries become murders and it is a race to predict who the next victims will be, Conan soon finds that the truth is something completely different, while learning about the incident from 10 years ago in the process. (Source: ANN) In the year 2010, the Japanese radio industry is in decline. To reverse their flagging ratings, a station staffed with perennial losers makes a daring gamble: to hire the industry's first android on-air host. Maico is cute, but it will take more than novelty to win over the fickle audience -- especially with a crew as inept as this one. The sixth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Long time ago, there was peace until the giants decide to wake up after years and years of slumber.The three priestesses sisters who were guarding their shrine had to retreat to seek help and who better to ask Maze for help. (Source: Maze Of The Haze) Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent are enjoying a meal in a villiage when the residents suddenly retreat indoors and two armies - one of men and one of a young girl and a tribe of dragons. Although the ruler of the town originally tries to convince Lina that this is because of a dark legacy, in truth the dragon army is led by his daughter and their battles are over her allowance. Lina agrees to help the ruler while Naga joins his daughter, Marlene. (Source: ANN) Futarigurashi follows an aspiring erotic mangaka named Kenji Aoyama. In order to pay rent his friend's younger brother, Hikari Satou, offers to become his roommate. However it turns out that "he" in almost every way is a girl! The series revolves around Kenji and Hikari getting involved with various women. Manmaru goes to ninja school at Nenga, where foxes and raccoons study the art of assassination under a bear ninja master. He is soon thrown in to local rivalry between the Nenga school, the Koga (monkeys), and the Iga (dogs), as well as facing temptations from the Dobe, a group of dropouts from the Nenga. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live. A foolish clumsy angel came to the human world to help a very unlucky boy. But more accidents are then created... In the year 2071, humanity has colonized several of the planets and moons of the solar system leaving the now uninhabitable surface of planet Earth behind. The Inter Solar System Police attempts to keep peace in the galaxy, aided in part by outlaw bounty hunters, referred to as "Cowboys". The ragtag team aboard the spaceship Bebop are two such individuals. Mellow and carefree Spike Spiegel is balanced by his boisterous, pragmatic partner Jet Black as the pair makes a living chasing bounties and collecting rewards. Thrown off course by the addition of new members that they meet in their travels—Ein, a genetically engineered, highly intelligent Welsh Corgi; femme fatale Faye Valentine, an enigmatic trickster with memory loss; and the strange computer whiz kid Edward Wong—the crew embarks on thrilling adventures that unravel each member's dark and mysterious past little by little. Well-balanced with high density action and light-hearted comedy, Cowboy Bebop is a space Western classic and an homage to the smooth and improvised music it is named after. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head. (Source: ANN) Oji Tanaka has a wife, a child and a mundane job as a salary man in Tokyo's modern society. But life wasn't dull for him to begin with; 15 years ago, he was known as "Gabriel", leader of a short-lived heavy metal band called Black Heaven. Oji's life gets a sudden change in direction when he is invited by a mysterious blonde woman named Layla to pick up his Gibson Flying V and once again display his "legendary" guitar skills, not knowing that his music generates power for a massive weapon in an intergalactic war. (Source: ANN) Kunyan lives her crazy life of misadventures from episode to episode. This comedy series is accompanied by a narrator who scientifically explains all that happens to her. Ebichu the hamster seems like the perfect house pet: she cleans, shops, cooks, does laundry, and anything to please her master, known only as "Office Lady" (OL). Unfortunately, OL and her unfaithful boyfriend, combined with Ebichu's uncontrollable exuberance and love for ice cream, often earn her severe and bloody punishment. However, Ebichu doesn't seem to mind the abuse if she achieves her goal of making her beloved master a little bit happier. (Source: IMDB) This story contains a lot of humor and edgy jokes that attract an audience ranging from toddlers to adults. Bakabon and his father turn common sense on its head. After all, common sense, that we take for granted, is frequently nonsensical, but comical. Bakabon's father has his own philosophy and he leaves no stone unturned in his quest for answers. Bakabon joins him in his philosophical quests which drive the people in their town crazy. (Source: pierrot.jp) Based on the comics by the late Nekojiru. Contains 23 animated shorts aired TV Asahi Network's show "Bokusho Mondai Boss Chara Ou." and 4 unbroadcast episodes. (Source: AniDB) Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the second series and contains Winter Games & Stantler's Little Helpers. Yui is an average schoolgirl who lives in a future where all computers are supported by a single global network known as COMNET. Yui is a computer-illiterate girl who after a computer-lab accident is approached by IR, a raccoon looking corrector computer program, which tells her she must save COMNET. She must stop the rogue A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) computer program known as Grosser and his hench-programs from taking over the world. Grosser was originally designed to be that manager of all of COMNET. At first she's very reluctant to play the heroine because of her complete lack of knowledge and ability with computers. To save COMNET she must find and gain the trust of the other seven wayward corrector programs. They must also find the creator or COMNET Professor Inukai, to help stop Grosser for good. (Source: ANN) A greedy collector, Lawrence III, wants to capture the legendary Pokemon, Lugia. But in order to do so, he must capture the Titans of Fire, Ice, and Lightning. The titans are powerful bird-like Pokemon, and if they are disturbed they will wage a war against eachother which will ultimately result in earth's destruction. Ash, Misty, and Tracey get caught up in the situation when they end up being washed ashore onto Shamouti Island. Soon after, Ash meets a girl named Melody who sends him into a mission where he must collect the 3 Orbs which will quell the fighting, but first Ash must gain help from the Beast of the Sea, Lugia, if he's to suceed. (Source: ANN) A deadly virus known as "Algernon" has attacked humanity with vicious meaning. At the forefront of the battle is the mystifying Akamatsu Industries - disguised as a heavy machine factory in Tokyo, this undercover organization uses neural enhanced weapons known as NeuroNoids to battle Algernon. Also helping with their secret efforts is the mysterious mutant who is only known as "Betterman". (Source: ANN) In the 22nd century, Medarots—intelligent robots powered by medals that act as their minds—are commonplace all over the world. They serve their human partners and settle disputes through a combat sporting event known as Robattling. Combatants that take part in robattling for the sake of improving their ranking are known as Meda-fighters, and they aim to climb the ranks to enter the World Tournament and represent their country. Medarot tells the story of ten-year-old Ikki Tenryou stumbling across a rare Beetle medal and gaining his first Medarot, dubbed Metabee. He’s expecting a submissive and loyal robot that would follow his every command, but Metabee does what he wants and doesn’t take kindly to being insulted. Now Ikki is stuck with him, and they must work together to give their competition a Metabee-boppin’ as they robattle their way to the top! Meltylancer is a Galaxy Police Organization unit comprised by six girls, all of which who have their own special skills and talents. A year has passed since the unit's disbandment, but a new threat leaves the GPO no choice but to recall all the members. With a new commander and a new aide, Meltylancer is deployed once again. (Source: ANN) Li Meifon is the head of a free, no expenses paid protection/security agency for escorting ships across outer space. Though only 16, she posesses great skill and leadership qualities while commanding her crew aboard their ship, the "Angel Links." However, some unpleasant memories begin to trouble her and she starts questioning her own past and reason for existence. Join Li Meifon and the rest of the Angel Links crew on their adventures through the Oracion star system as they battle pirates, government organizations, and a Tao master, all while finally uncovering Meifon's dark and mysterious past. Ruthless sorcerer Chivas Scotch is hired by a count named Cuttlefish to destroy an evil monster attacking a nearby village. But things go awry when Chivas fails to destroy the monster and he's forced to transfer his spirit in the body of his beautiful servant Gin Fizz. (Source: ANN) An apprentice shinigami (Japanese Death God), Risky, is determined to take Moe's life. However, Risky is magically joined with an apprentice angel, Safety, so Risky turns into Safety whenever someone says something nice. As an apprentice shinigami can only take someone's life when that person is really depressed, Risky has quite a problem taking Moe's soul, while dealing with Safety, who often cheers Moe up. (Source: ANN) Plot Summary: Thirteen years after their sudden disappearance, an alien race known as the Heterodyne resurface without warning. To combat the Heterodyne, three office workers from the 21st Century Security Corporation operate Dai-Guard - a giant robot no longer regarded as an oversized paperweight. Unfortunately, Dai-Guard is somewhat obsolete and in disrepair. It's a tough job, but salarymen can also save the world. (Source: ANN) This was an anthology program containing several different anime each week along with some non-animated segments. Several of the animated films were short series including: Nazo no Rouba [謎の老婆] (tvss), Meibugyou Bun-san [名奉行・文さん], Jo Keibu Jinguuji Youko [女警部・神宮寺葉子], Remon Suzumori's Soudanjo [鈴森なんでも相談所]. (Source: animated-divots.net) Dokkiri Doctor special. Also known as Episode 27. A normal looking high school girl on the outside, Kusakabe Maron is actually the reincarnation of Jeanne d' Arc. With the help of the angel, Fin Fish, Maron works as the thief Jeanne at night to seal the demons that reside in pieces of artwork, preying upon the weak hearts of the owners. She is branded as a thief due to the fact that the artworks disappear after she seals the demons. One day, a new neighbor and classmate appears, as well as a rival in her night job, the thief Sinbad. With her own best friend being the detective's daughter, out to capture her and the appearance of her new rival, Maron's work is anything but easy. When Fujiko acquires and memorizes papers called the Columbus Files, she is attacked and loses her memory. Lupin, a treasure hunter named Rosaria, and the cackling villain Nazaroff all pursue Fujiko, as she is the only key to the location of Columbus' Egg, a treasure connected to the mysterious Orgone Energy. (Source: ANN) Miyazawa Yukino is the perfect student. Kind, intelligent, pretty and modest, it's unbelievable that such a person could exist. Little did everyone know Yukino's perfection was just a facade. An act to fulfill her desire for praise and admiration. Her life took a turn however, as a newcomer to their school Arima Soichiro topped the exam rankings. Arima is more than just intelligent, he's also kind, handsome and modest, an unbelievable person who can actually exist. Even worse luck, Arima found out Yukino's secret, blackmailing her to help him out. Their odd relationship soon develops into friendship and eventually into love. But can their love prevail through the many problems that come their way? Genki is a boy who loves playing video games. One day he's zapped into the world of Monster Rancher and meets the girl Holly and the monsters Mochi, Suezo, Golem, Tiger and Hare. Together, they are searching for a way to revive the Phoenix, which is the only monster capable of stopping the evil Moo. (Source: ANN) This is the first recapitulation episode, covering the first five episodes with only the difference being that the episode follows the manga storyline and begins with Luffy and Shanks at the bar. Also, in the ending, the current Straw Hats have a small conversation about their goals. (Source: One Piece Wikia) An ancient legend tells of a magical Powerstone that granted its owner any wish desired. Adventurers from all over the globe clash as they seek this mystical gem. Based upon the Dreamcast game, POWERSTONE tries to entertain us with the story behind the game's premise. The plot begins with our hero, Fokker, training to be a fighter like his idol, Vargas. (Source: AniDB) At a high school that sits in front of the ocean, three unpopular pubescent guys, Abe, Nagaho, and Mita, spend more of their time goofing off at the beach than studying. Of course, surfing always comes first, but their other adventures on the beach and search for girls are a source of non-stop laughter. (Source: AniDB) A compilation of the original OVA series with 7 minutes of new content at the end. (Source: AniDB) "Blue Eyes White Dragon will bring victory" while "Red Eyes Black Dragon will bring the potential of victory". A shy duelist stumbles upon the legendary Red Eyes Black Dragon, with that card in his possession, he must learn to bring out his confidence to duel. (Source: ANN) Best friends and partners Miyuki Kobayakawa and Natsumi Sujimoto, along with the rest of the gang at Bokuto station, confront a motley group of offenders ranging from hi-tech panty thieves, purse-snatchers, and traffic violators. Using Miyuki's driving prowess and tech knowledge, as well as Natsumi's spunk and strength, the duo at times must resort to unconventional methods to see that justice is served. (Source: ANN) Bokutou Precinct rarely deals with criminals more nefarious than speeding sportscar drivers. So when Officers Nikaido Yoriko and Aoi Futaba find a cache of illegal firearms in a stolen car, and a rash of traffic control malfunctions snarls traffic along Tokyo's streets, it is up to Tokyo's finest to figure out what's gone wrong. And of course, it'll take the talents of Kobayakawa Miyuki and Tsujimoto Natsumi to crack the case. But will Miyuki's trusty Mini-Pat and Natsumi's fierce determination be enough to stop a devious mastermind from exploiting the weaknesses of the system and crippling Tokyo—and the world—for good? (Source: AnimeNfo) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kouji wants to work part-time, so, when he saw a cute girl with the Pia Carrot uniform, he tried to get a job there. When he's on the way, he accidentally bumped Azusa, and with some misunderstanding, they literally hate each other. What is the surprise of Kouji when he finds that she also got a job in the Pia Carrot, facing her daily. But as time passes, he will discover that 'hate' is not the appropriate word to describe his feelings... (Source: ANN)  One year after Crane's visit to earth, Hibari dreams about him not being able to sleep well. So, she decides that the Cyberteam has to travel towards the Metatrone and find out if things are ok. Metatrone surveillance system has gone wild, and it's up to Hibari and her friends to fix things out and help Prince Crane. (Source: ANN) Bucky, the protagonist of the history, is a normal boy that lives in the first world. He lives with a single and humble ambition: to dominate the world (in the sense of the whole planet). He is very certain and he would certainly die to reach his dream. One day he meets with Spark, the Great Child of Primas (World One). Spark is known as the strongest Great Child of all of the worlds, and he is a successor's search. After finding Bucky and talk a little with him, Spark without apparent reason choose Bucky his successor. Bucky has just become a Great Child and to win the company of Jibaki, the spirit of the first world. (Source: Wikipedia) Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It all starts when Gokudou steals a pouch from a fortuneteller, thinking that it contains a gem. Instead, it turns out to be a rock, from which emerges Djinn. The genie grants Gokudou the standard three wishes, but our anti-hero doesn't think heavily about his wishes. Gokudou does get his wishes, though not exactly in the fashion that he expected. The best thing he gets out of his wishes is Honou no Maken, a magical sword that enables its owner to do fire attacks and it can be summoned from anywhere in the world. Even with an enchanted sword, Gokudou doesn't get much respect. He gets turned into a woman by Djinn, who is also a shapeshifter. He is followed by Rubette La Late, a potential love interest who is more interested in adventure, karaoke and outperforming Gokudou. He gets whapped on the head a lot, especially by the fortuneteller who reappears throughout the series just to plague Gokudou it seems. Later in the series, he gets another sidekick, a former evil magician named Prince, who is more handsome and a better womanizer than Gokudou. (Source: AnimeNfo) Onizuka is a reformed biker gang leader who has his sights set on an honorable new ambition: to become the world's greatest teacher... for the purpose of meeting sexy high school girls. Okay, so he's mostly reformed. However, strict administrators and a class of ruthless delinquents stand between Onizuka and his goal and they will use any means, however illegal or low, to drive the new teacher away. Perfect, because Onizuka's methods won't be found in any teaching manual; he cares about the difference between legal and illegal activities about as much as he cares for the age difference between himself and a high school girl. So get ready for math that doesn't add up, language you'd be slapped for using, and biology that would make a grown man blush... unless of course, you're the Great Teacher Onizuka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After bragging about receiving a space trip ticket from his father, Suneo concedes they would have to wait quite a while until they can actually go. So, Nobita and co. turns to Doraemon for it, but they were given a space simulation game to play together instead. Unfortunately an accident with another gadget occurred, leaving Suneo and Giant trapped inside the game, only to be picked up by someone from outer space. Nobita, Shizuka and Doraemon then pursued the UFO that has the game inside it which took them all to a real space adventure. (Source: ANN) Mito isn't just another space pirate, she's a three foot tall childlike alien with enough guts to outshine a supernova. She's known as the galaxy's most dangerous pirate, a wanted criminal who destroys a dozen police space cruisers every day before breakfast. But all she really wants is to be called "Mom." (Source: ANN) Aoi was raised as a normal boy on Earth. Little did he know he was the heir apparent to Mito, the Queen-turned-Space-Pirate of an alien race that chooses their sex at puberty! Aoi fell in love with Mutsuki, the police officer who was chasing Mito, and the three of them saved the Universe. The only side effect was that Aoi blossomed into a beautiful young woman. Now a malevolent entity calling herself the true Queen of the Universe appears with enough power to destroy entire planets. Aoi must defend her new throne, but she needs Mutsuki's help. Mutsuki must come to terms with her own feelings for Aoi so they can defend Earth together and become the galaxy's first royal pair of queens. N/A Doris Ruridou is young princess who had just entered Teito Academy. She is also a Panzer, a person with special abilities and fights with a weapon called a "tool". Shortly after entering, her older sister shows up to teach her how to fight as a Panzer against other Panzers who challenge her. (Source: ANN) Follows the story of the manga of the same name where a a high school boy finds a room for a boarding house that only costs 30,000 yen a month (about 300 USD). But there's a catch. "Barbapapa around the world", is a fun-filled collection of 5-minute animated cartoons for preschool children. Barbapapa and his family return to TV for the first time in 25 years with 50 completely new and original episodes. Each episode travels to far-off lands where the Barbapapa family learns about plants, birds, reptiles or mammals in their natural Habitat. The Barbapapa family not only has fun playing with and imitating rare animals but it also helps the creatures when they fall into life-threatening situations. Join the Barbapapa Family as it travels to New Guinea, The Amazon, Patagonia and all over the world discovering the humor, danger and excitement of life. (Source: barbapapa.fr) The wicked multi-billionaire, Shinatora, builds wretched, ugly buildings. The explosives genius calling himself Benten has targeted Shinatora's empire and begins to destroy the monstrosities that are wiping out whole sections of downtown Tokyo. In cooperation with the local police force, the FBI has sent Lisa Hoshino, a bomb disposal expert, and her robot assistant, Dandy, on a lecture tour of Japan. Ryotsu is reluctantly paired with Lisa to protect the people of the Kameari district. Why does Benten only target Shinatora's buildings? What is his next target? Another email warning arrives at the Katsushika Police Station. Benten's next target is the newly built, gigantic amusement park, Shinatora World. Lisa and Ryotsu hurry to the scene. What they find is a huge Soviet-era rocket armed with a massive bomb powerful enough to obliterate the entire area of Katsushika. What can Ryotsu do? (Source: AniDB) Kuro is just an ordinary cat who only wants to protect his owners who are an old couple that can't fend for themselves. One day while on a date with his girlfriend Pooly who is a dog, he is kidnapped by an evil scientist and turned into a robot. Kuro somehow removes the chip that controlled him and notices that people get scared with his new robotic appearance and that he can now talk like a human. He decides to disguise himself with the skin of a stuffed toy and to continue living as a pet. (Source: ANN) Di Gi Charat is a series of shorts created as advertisements for "Digital Gamers", a store in Akihabara. The series follows Dejiko, princess of Di Gi Charat planet, and her companions, Puchiko and Gema, as well as Dejiko's rival, Rabi~en~Rose through daily ordeals they encounter while working at Gamers. Princess Di Gi Charat came from the planet Di Gi Charat given only a cat cap and an outfit to disguise herself. Unfortunately she came with no money, only her guardian Gema and friend Petite Charat. Luckily the three stumbled upon a manager of the store Gamers, who offered them a home if they worked at the store. However Di Gi Charat is a selfish young girl who wishes of becoming a star. (Source: ANN) A series of short segments featuring all of the Ultramen and their kaiju opponents, depicted in SD style, living together in harmony and enjoying everyday life. Various activities include domino contests, performing magic, daydreaming, and catching ghosts. A special episode aired between episode 72 and 73 of Dr. Slump 2. Cain Asbell was an unremarkable guy until he rescued Princess Charlotte. He goes from pauper to Lord, but there's a catch. Cain has to make his land the most prosperous in the country within 5 years. If he fails, he'll lose everything. But if he succeeds, Cain will gain the Princess Charlotte's hand in marriage. During his quest for success, he faces slavers and bandits. But being a Lord isn't all bad -- he has the right to choose any woman he wants to go to bed with him. 3 kids meet 5 micro-sized superheroes from another world who enlist in their aid in fighting off alien invaders. Special episodes that take place between episodes 10 & 11 of the TV series. Harukaze Doremi considers herself to be the unluckiest girl in the world. Her parents are always fighting, her little sister makes fun of her, and her crush pines after another girl. If only Doremi could just wave a magic wand, she would have a much better life—or so she used to think. After a mishap with a real witch, Doremi becomes an apprentice witch herself, and it turns out she's pretty horrible at that, too. Now she and her two friends must study to become better at magic so they can become good witches. That is, if they can focus on their magic studies! The three apprentices will need all the luck they can get if they want to pass the witch exams and become full-fledged witches. Only then will Doremi's debt to the witch Majorika will be repaid. Until then, Doremi will remain a useless little witch girl! Ryoutsu, being an underpayed policeman, is always coming up with ways to make some quick money. But in the end, his plans which are ridiculous from the beginning always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the Buchou. Cho Hatsumei Boy Kanipan is a continued story from Hatsumei Boy Kanipan. Kanipan is now a teenager, and still a famous inventor. But one day, a mysterious ship fell from the sky and crashed at a beach. Inside was a female humanoid that has forgotten all about herself. It is up to Kanipan to revive the humanoid's memory, and he accidentally discover that his planet is in great danger as he strived. (Source: ANN) It's winter vacation and Sakura wins a trip to Hong Kong. Kero, skeptic of her luck in lotteries, questions whether she was merely lucky or was she summoned to Hong Kong upon inevitability. As Sakura strolls through Hong Kong's Bird Street, she senses an evil force calling to her. On chasing two strange birds, she is lead to a phantom world where she learns she was actually made to come to Hong Kong by a woman, Madoushi, who apparently wants revenge on Clow Reed. With Syaoran's mother, Yelan's help and the guidance from Clow Reed's voice, she must fight Madoushi and rescue her friends and loved ones, who have been captured. Hyperactive Excel does anything and everything to try to please her lord, Il Palazzo, who wants to take over the planet. Excel's misadventures takes her and her partner, the ever-dying Hyatt, all over the world, meeting several strange people as they go. Everything is bizarre and goofy, as any kind of anime or entertainment genre gets mocked and spoofed. (Source: ANN) Six short "Special Broadcasts" (omake) were produced and aired after selected episodes. They lasted around five minutes and followed the general style of the main anime, although the characters are drawn as chibis. (Source: Wikipedia) Bubu Chacha is about a dog who died due to a fateful accident and was resurrected as a toy car. Together, he and Randy learn many new things about the world and about friendship that never dies. Join in the adventures of the quirky Yamada family—from the hilarious to the touching±brilliantly presented in a unique, visually striking comic strip style. Takashi Yamada and his wacky wife Matsuko, who has no talent for housework, navigate their way through the ups and downs of work, marriage and family life with a sharp-tongued grandmother who lives with them, a teenage son who wishes he had cooler parents, and a pesky daughter whose loud voice is unusual for someone so small. Even the family dog has issues! (Source: Disney) While exploring ruins on Angel Island, a doctor finds a myserious newborn bird called Kyoro-chan. Together they form a bond and decide to travel the world together. Three years later when the Doctor and Kyoro-chan try to return to Angel Island they become shipwrecked from a storm. Kyoro-chan was able to make it safely to the island but the Doctor was nowhere to be found. Kyoro-chan prays for his safety and hope he returns as he now starts his new life on Angel Island. Imagine two irresponsible siblings (Fuko and Yoshiharu) living under the care of an equally or more irresponsible father (Amachi). Then add some bizarre stuff, like cobras, bad jokes, adult videos, seductive grannies, farting, stupid remarks and insults, terribly foul language, and a nonsensical plethora of strange happenings... (Source: ANN) Pikachu and friends must rescue lost Togepi. (Source: Bulbapedia) Bad Luck's lead singer and lyricist, Shuichi Shindo, is a total wreck. With deadlines for the band's next album looming, the pressure is on, but the normally energetic Shuichi has become listless and fallen into a writing slump. It's all because Yuki - the great love of his life - has suddenly become cold and distant. Depressed and anxious, Shuichi doesn't want to think about lyrics - he just wants to know how to get Yuki to talk to him! Now, thanks to Shuichi's big mouth bragging to the press about how talented he is, the band can't even hire someone else to write the lyrics for them. If they don't manage to break Shuichi out of his slump soon, it could mean the end of Bad Luck for good! (Source: RightStuf) Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It's been six months since Yasunari ran away from home. He is saved from the streets by Fumi and Rino (Aurora Snow), and ends up living with them as their pet. Along with his friend Chie (Britttany Andrews), he is introduced to a new world of S &amp; M, and group sex. He publishes his new sexual experience in a magazine, which ends up in the hands of his brother, Tomoyasu. Tomoyasu is desperate to find his brother. He is seriously upset after finding that his brother is enjoying his new life as a pet. When a new tutor, Serina, arrives unexpectedly, he takes out his anger and fustration of his broken home on Serina by forcing himself on her. Unknown to Tomoyasu, Serina is the friend of Yasunari's three masters! (Source: AniDB) Gekkou Kamen is retired on the moon, so his trusty motorbike returns to Earth to find a new hero to take over the job of defending the Earth from alien invaders. When a group of kids head out for summer camp, they don't expect it to snow in the middle of July. Out of nowhere, the kids receive strange devices which transport them to a very different world to begin their Digimon Adventure ! Led by the plucky Taichi Yagami, the seven children must now survive in a realm far from home, filled with monsters and devoid of other humans. Luckily, they're not alone: each child is paired off with a companion digital monster called a Digimon. Together, the children and their new friends must overcome their insecurities, discover their inner strengths, and evolve into stronger fighters - literally. A force of evil is spreading through the Digital World, corrupting all the Digimon. The DigiDestined have arrived and it’s up to them to save the Digital World, if they ever want to see their home world again. During Japan's Taisho Era (1912-1926), a scientist named Ayanokoji developed the Steel Angel - an artificial humanoid with superhuman physical abilities. While the Imperial Army wanted to use the Steel Angel as a new means of modern warfare, Ayanokoji wanted his creation to be a new step in the future of mankind. Thus, he defied orders from the Army and secretly made the Steel Angel codenamed "Kurumi". Then one day, a young boy named Nakahito Kagura snuck into Ayanokoji's house as a dare by his friends and stumbled upon Kurumi's lifeless body. A sudden attack by the Imperial Army shook the house, causing Kurumi to fall on Nakahito. At that moment, their lips met, and Kurumi woke up from "the kiss that started a miracle". (Source: ANN) GOSHO collection reveals the origin of the smash hit "Detective Conan." "GO" into his world, and we will "SHO" you SEVEN romantic and exciting stories created by GOSHO AOYAMA. WAIT FOR ME (30 min.) A genius inventor, who is still a high school student, has a girlfriend two years older than him. One day, he invents a time machine and attempts to go two years back into the past, to become the same age as her. However, it is she who ultimately uses the machine to travel through time! TEN PLANETS IN THE NIGHT SKY (10 minutes) Meet Baby Conan! Yukiko Kudo is looking for her missing husband. The only clue to find him again is to decipher a mysterious message left for her. Their baby, Shinichi Kudo, one who later becomes the famous high school Detective Conan, will at this age already be offering some important hints for her. THE WANDERING RED BATTERFLY (7 minutes) A handsome detective, Yusaku Kitakata, receives phone calls from a mysterious woman day after day, with a new case each day. He of course solves them one by one. But the biggest mystery is who is this mysterious woman? PLAY IT AGAIN (30 minutes) Thanks to the mystical powers of a Cherry Blossom Tree, a 70-year-old man with a secret sword technique goes back into the past and becomes the same age as his granddaughter. While enjoying his youth for the second time around, he notices that a player is after his granddaughter. SANTA CLAUS IN SUMMER (30 minutes) Keisuke, a young man of 17, accidentally activates the Earth Destruction System. The destiny of the Earth now depends on whether he can stop the system within 24 hours. However, suddenly amnesia strikes him and he forgets the pin number to stop the system. The time is running out... DETECTIVE GEORGE’S SPECIAL CASE (30 minutes) A girl is fleeing from men in black. She runs into a detective agency and discovers that the detective there is a super-miniature-size, cool dude. He risks his life trying to solve a case for this client. Will they come through in the end? MAKING OF DETECTIVE CONAN (7 minutes) Do you know how to make animation? Everybody wants to see the workings of an animation studio. Based on the concept of Detective Conan, the three sub-characters visit the animation studio of Detective Conan. This episode will surely catch the hearts of Detective Conan fans! (The actual animation is also involved in this special.) (Source: TMS Entertainment, LTD) Yuusuke was just a normal kid going to high school. Then one day, the cute and behaloed Noelle fell, quite literally, into his life, naked as a baby and every bit as innocent. Before he can even fathom what's just happened, Yuusuke is inducted into a rather odd family of otherworldly beings. Papa is a Frankenstein monster with a taste for calisthenics. Mama is a gorgeous lady with a penchant for "round objects" -- really! The eldest sister, Sara, is literally invisible; the brother, Gabriel, is a teenage vampire with an attitude problem; and the youngest sister, Ruka, loves inventing things. There's a disapproving Grandma, who's a witch to the nth degree, and her vulture familiar. All Yuusuke wanted was for the beautiful Natsumi to even notice his attention, but now he has an angel-in-training to follow him wherever he goes. And Noelle, too, has a guide on her path to being an angel, the mysterious Michael. (Source: AnimeNfo) The first series is a set of 25 stories about a male businessman arriving at the hotel after taking a train home from work. He encounters the mysterious owner of the hotel, an old mouse known as Gregory, who suggests that he stay a while. Soon, the man becomes drawn into a bizarre series of events taking place within Gregory House as he tries desperately to escape from this bizarre purgatory. (Source: Wikipedia) The comic story of Shizuka, the eldest daughter, who lives at home, showing no signs of getting married; her mother, who is both annoyed with Shizuka, and at the same time concerned about her window of eligibility; her sister Ikumi, with whom she gets along, even though they fight; and her father, who feels henpecked in this all-female household. The strange incidents that happen with this family, which otherwise seems completely ordinary, will make you laugh out loud. The original manga is currently serialized in Takeshobo's Manga Club. The title is a pun on the long running Nippon Animation version of Little Women, "Ai no Wakakusa Monogatari." (Source: AniDB) The aliens have been defeated, and the Bell has been transformed into a gigantic cherry tree. Now, the brave Magic User's Club must reconvene to deal with a new problem. Apparently, some inconsiderate persons left a skyscraper sized cherry tree in the middle of Tokyo, and it's become a major inconvenience to everyone in the city. Even though they have no idea who could have done such a thing, the Club feels strangely responsible and springs into action. Meanwhile, a mysterious person is spying on the magic club in the form of a small boy. (Source: ANN) Jiyu Nanohana is an ordinary schoolgirl until she runs across a scatterbrained 300 year old samurai who tells her that she is the reincarnation of Yagyu Jubei. With the help of the "Lovely Eyepatch" she transforms into the legendary swordsman whenever she needs to use his awesome fighting ability, which she needs to do quite often as a rival clan is dead set on conquering Yagyu to satisfy an old family grudge. (Source: ANN) 16-year old Keisuke Saji loves to fantasize about young beautiful women. He hopes to land the object of his affection, Koizumi Akira. However, Koizumi hates Saji (as well as all men) to the point of assault. While most guys take Koizumi's cold shoulder as a hint, Saji pursues head-on without having rejection faze him. (Source: Wikipedia) Koume is a new Office Lady (OL), an employee of Caramel Ribbon, Inc., a firm of designers. This is the story of her days and nights, complete with humor unique to Osaka. Seen from outside, Kansai doesn't seem like the rest of Japan. Watching this show will make you an expert, even if you know nothing about the area right now. It's a humorous tale of life in a Japanese company, with Koume, her effeminate boss, and Kimi, a one-time girl gang member, as they try to sell (supposedly) new and fresh designs. The voice actors also come from Kansai, ensuring authenticity. (Source: AniDB) Cacao, a student at Micro Grand Academy, wakes up one morning to find a girl made of wood sleeping in bed with him. She is Hinano, a tree spirit who possessed the body of a wooden puppet after Cacao messed up his magic teacher's spell. Having taken an instant liking to Cacao, Hinano enrolls in his school. Between Hinano, monsters, two strange twins and their four-eyed cat master, a demon boy, odd teachers and students, and the fact that he may have the potential to be one of the greatest magic users of all time, Cacao's life seems to have taken several turns for the worse...and the weird. (Source: ANN) Zoids are beast-like fighting machines used in both everyday use such as transportation, and special use such as war. Some types of Zoids, know as Organoids, are miniature Zoids that are living organisms. These Organoids have the capability to fuse with a non-living Zoid and make it much more powerful. Van (Ban) Freiheit discovers a Zoid Organoid in an abandoned laboratory while running from two strangers piloting Zoids. Also in the laboratory, in an animated suspension tube is a strange girl. He breaks the tube open and takes her and the Organoid with him. Spotting a ruined Shield Liger Zoid outside nearby, the Organoid fuses with it and repairs the damages. Making his escape, Van names the Organoid Zeke, and decides to keep him as a friend. The girl, who says her name is Fiona, wants to find something called Zoids Eve, and so Van, Zeke, and Fiona begin their adventure. (Source: AniDB) A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. Paraila was an agent for a war organization in the space, but suddenly the supreme court of planets accused her of betrayal and she was forced to be a fugitive to escape from jail. Now she forms a team with a clueless school teacher, a bazooka lover girl and Paraila's former sidekick. They will battle against Paraila's enemies, and try to go to earth to escape from space justice. (Source: ANN) Kaitou Kid announces to the police that he intends to steal the Russian Imperial Easter Egg, which is currently being held in Osaka. As Conan pursues his rival, he discovers that there's more to this case then simply stopping a robbery. (Source: ANN) Nanako is a an inept apprentice nurse to the brilliant young Dr. Kouji. Now for some reason, Nanako is always being targeted by various elements which makes Nanako wonder if she has done anything wrong. But there are certain secrets to Nanako's past that only Dr. Kouji and his family know about. The seventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The adventures (and misadventures) of men staring, peeking, glancing, looking, and glaring at women and their efforts to get that extra eyeful of harmlessly exposed panties, bras, and occasional cleavage. Following at most, a few regular males and the outrageous consequences of their actions. (Source: ANN) Arale and company arrive at a nice location for a picnic. They soon discover a beautiful stone with strange powers. Before they know it, a dangerous pirate and his mysterious ship invades their peace and steals the stone. Now it is up to them to retrieve the stone before it is used by evil hands. (Source: BakaBT) A short anime directed by Yuasa Masaaki with Production IG, distributed on VHS as a bonus to a video game magazine subscription.  The main character is a Slime from the Dragon Quest video games. Tales of sex and sadomasochism, based on the manga in Young Sunday by Masahiko Kikuni, creator of Kizu darake no Tenshi-tachi (Heartbroken Angels). With a TV share of 9.1% in the graveyard slot, it was broadcast daily as part of the Wonderful anthology program. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) Sequel of Nihon-ichi no Otoko no Tamashii. Kazuki Yotsuga is your regular average nerd in high-school, except he isn't smart. He has this website which relates to his visions that only he can see. His vision's are about robots who keep fighting each other battle after battle. One day he is sent to a, "parallel world" where these visions exist and he joins a company to fight back against the devious RaRa, who want to take over the world. (Source: ANN) Peace has been brought to both earths, and everyone is living out their lives as normal citizens. But how normal could life be for war hero Kazuki living with five beautiful women under the same roof... Apparently, he doesn't need to wait long to find out. An ancient artifact that is the key to their adventures in the parallel universes forces Kazuki to hop in the saddle yet again, but this time it's outer space or bust. (Source: ANN) Adventures include going into deep sea and accompanying dinosaurs. The shows are mainly based on science or science fiction. It has been popular in China, one reason might be the fact that many of the Chinese youth have been sending questions to the studio, and the studio answers them with one of Lan Mao's adventures. Lan Mao is sometimes impulsive, and in the end gets nothing but trouble. (Source: Wikipedia) Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head. (Source: ANN) Ceres was a tennyo (Celestial maiden) who came down from the heavens to bathe in a stream. She hung her hagoromo (robe) on a tree nearby, which was her key to returning to the heavens. But the robe was stolen and the man who had stolen it forced her to become his wife, thus producing a family full of human and tennyo blood mixed. Now, in modern day time, Aya Mikage is a descendent of Ceres, and has quite an amount of tennyo blood. On her 16th birthday, she and her twin brother, Aki, are thrown a party. At the "party," Aya's grandpa plans to kill her, for she has tennyo powers unlike the rest of the family, and can actually become Ceres herself and destroy the Mikage family. Aya, however, can switch back, so this transformation happens quite frequently. With protector Yuuhi by her side, it is up to Aya to control Ceres and keep her from coming back, but her relationship with an ex-worker for her evil grandpa may be a distraction. There are two sides to every love story, and Boys Be... reveals what's really going on—from the guy's point of view! Meet three normal high school guys with just one thing on their minds: girls. Quiet Kyoichi has been friends with Chiharu ever since they were young, but lately, his feelings have begun to change. Lecherous Makoto, a self-proclaimed master of the rules of romance, is ready to sweep the ladies off their feet. And Yoshihiko, a handsome sports nut, is unfortunately a bit clueless in matters of the heart. Join this hapless trio for a year of romantic misadventures that will change their lives forever! (Source: RightStuf) Following the events of Cardcaptor Sakura Movie 2: The Sealed Card, Kero and Spinel share a plate of takoyaki (octopus balls). They get into a fight over who gets the last piece, and in the process send it flying out the window. They both chase the takoyaki, and each other, in a mighty effort to be the "takoyaki captor". (Source: ANN) Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the third and last series and contains Delibird's Dilemma, Snorlax Snowman & Trouble in Big Town. The Straw Hats encounter a city in the middle of a whirlpool, called the Ocean's Navel, that is being destroyed by giant monsters. These monsters supposedly protect a treasure capable of granting wishes, but in the process of defeating these guardians, the crew ends up releasing another evil.  (aired after Episode 53) (Source: Wikipedia) Mii Snowdon is left on her own after her father disappears while investigating the mysterious letter-shaped pokemon called the Unown. The only clue to her father's disappearance is a box containing several tiles. While playing with these tiles, Mii makes a wish to see her father again, and this wish awakens the Unown—who summon the lion-like, legendary pokemon Entei to act as her father. Meanwhile, Satoshi heads to Greenfield with his faithful pokemon companion, Pikachu, to meet with his friends, Kasumi and Takeshi. When they reach the area, they are shocked to find the place crystallized. They quickly learn that the Unown are responsible for this, and that they will need to be defeated in order to restore Greenfield to its former beauty. The situation becomes personal when Satoshi's mother is kidnapped by Entei. To discover why his mother was taken away, Satoshi, along with his friends and pokemon, must travel the crystallized landscape to confront Entei and the Unown. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It's a comedy about children in elementary school. Taba and the Girls of Kagura Total Security Inc. are at it again. This time they have to battle a Gang of Phantom Cats and a mysterious enemy and assassin. And there are the run ins with the Government, the need for a new office, as well as sorting out the past to deal with. Luckily, they've got a stock pile of weapons and super technology to help. (Source: ANN) The second series, The Second Guest is similarly set with 25 stories, except this time the main victim is a woman who has just taken a taxi home from her best friend's wedding ceremony. (Source: AniDB) The third series, The Last Train is set with 26 stories during a bizarre train ride that Gregory embarks upon. (Source: AniDB) It is Tokyo, 1969. Earth is under the attack of the "Invaders." Fortunately, though, the public is unaware of this. But to the secret orginazation, A.E.G.I.S., the threat is very real, and it is up them to stop this invasion. One day on his route to high school, Ukiya Shun observes a battle between a young girl and a group of Invaders. He ends up helping her and discovers that much like the girl, he possesses the ability to generate a "gate" of special power that only a few other people are gifted with. As a result, Ukiya then joins A.E.G.I.S. in an effort to recruit other Gate Keepers in order to protect the city, all while doing his best not to imitate his late father, whom he dispises. (Source: ANN) Many years ago, humans and demons lived in harmony. But that unity ended when demons started attacking humans and plotted a mission to unleash Gyumao—an evil demon imprisoned for thousands of years. Now, Genjo Sanzo, a rogue priest, must team up with three demons—Sha Gojyo, Son Goku, and Cho Hakkai—and embark on a perilous journey to the west to stop these demons from resurrecting Gyumao and restore the balance between humans and demons on Earth. (Source: ANN) A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor. Genki is a boy who loves playing video games. One day he's zapped into the world of Monster Rancher and meets the girl Holly and the monsters Mochi, Suezo, Golem, Tiger and Hare. Continuing from where the original story left off, Genki and friends journey to conquer the legend cup in hopes of freeing Holly's father from the mystery disc. (Source: AniDB) A series of murders have occurred with police officers as victims. One of the officers is shot right in front of Ran's eyes, and the shock of the incident causes Ran to lose her memory of everyone and everything around her. Now Conan must help Ran regain her lost memories, while also protecting her from the murderer, who is targeting Ran for witnessing the crime. (Source: ANN) Lupin & co. compete with a greedy bank president and her goons to solve the mystery leading to a broach, a treasure said to be behind the success of history's most powerful rulers. (Source: ANN) Marin is a typical junior high school girl with a sunny disposition and a loving adoptive family. Her life takes a drastic change when a mysterious mirage is seen in the sky above the entire earth. Killer androids called Monomakia descend to earth from the formation in the sky called Brigadoon and begin to hunt down little Marin. She discovers a blue bottle in a shrine as she seeks escape and from the bottle comes a protector, a sword carrying gun slinging alien called Melan Blue, together they must save the earth and deal with family crisis, school prejudice and the police and come to an understanding of Marins past and Melans unexplained mission, as well as learn to trust each other. Set in 1969 Japan with a colorful cast of friends and enemies. (Source: ANN) The sorceress Kuri uses her magic to defend herself from perverted monsters and demons, but her partner, Rima, would much rather do perverted things than defend herself. When the two save a woman from a gang rape, they catch the eye of an evil Sex Queen and her dog-demons. When the sex demons release the passions of Kuri and Rima, even the duo`s formidable powers will be useless. Don`t miss it as all four girls redefine the meaning of Doggie Style! (Source: AniDB) Chiyo brings a video camera to school for a class project. But when Tomo gets a hold of it, heaps of trouble happen all over campus. (Source: ANN) A short film introduces Semira, a strange boy who comes to play with Ojaru and his chums and bears a marked resemblance to a boy of the same name who spent a summer with the village elders when they were boys, long ago. (Source: AnimeVice) Princess Rangiku lost her entire family to Lord Karimata, who invaded her home seeking her father's life work, puppets with unique capabilities. As her duty, Rangiku sets out with three of her father's greatest puppet warriors to seek revenge. She can manipulate these to battle the strongest of warriors, however manipulating the puppets leaves her own self vulnerable to direct attacks, so she seeks a ninja warrior named Manajiri to aid and protect her in her quest. (Source: ANN) Koni (whose character is based on the famous Sumo-wrestler) and his gang have lots of crazy and incoherent adventures in their town. From fighting with their "Lovely-Teacher" and dealing with Samurai fish, to confirming if "The Armored-Guy's" wife has an affair and saving the world, Koni, High, Moro, Nari and Afro, the Afro-dog, do the craziest and funniest things to have fun. (Source: ANN) The Team Rocket leader, Giovanni, has found Mewtwo in a remote area of the Johto region. As Giovanni tries to re-capture Mewtwo, Ash and his friends are kidnapped by Domino, a new Team Rocket member, while trying to rescue Pikachu from Jessie and James. The Clone Pokemon are also captured and are then used as bait for Mewtwo. The situation then becomes a battle between the wills of Mewtwo and Giovanni; and Mewtwo also tries to discover if it and the clones have a purpose in life, even though they are products of science. (Source: ANN) The Di Gi Charat Summer Special was a four episode series that aired over two days, August 22, 2000 to August 23, 2000. This was the first series that Piyoko appeared in and the plot involves her attempting to hold Dejiko hostage for ransom. • Summer Special 2000 Episode 1 - Here comes Pyoko-nyo! • Summer Special 2000 Episode 2 - It's the Black Gamers-nyo • Summer Special 2000 Episode 3 - The Return of Abarenbou • Summer Special 2000 Episode 4 - Summer Bug (Source: AniDB & Wikipedia) The Christmas Special aired in December 2000 and featured Piyoko again attempting to capture Dejiko by inviting all the characters on a cruise. (Source: Wikipedia) Milk-chan is a drooling, potty-mouthed baby who lives in an apartment with an obsolete robot named Tetsuko, a slug named Hanage, and an uncontrollable pet named Robodog. Whenever the President calls, Milk-chan and the gang rush to the scene to solve any type of problem - whether it's stopping a money counterfeiter hungry for Belgian waffles or counselling a school of drunk fish. At the same time, they have to avoid a nagging landlord, as they're six months behind their rent. (Source: ANN) Keitaro Urashima promised a girl when he was young that they would meet up again at Tokyo University in the future. Sadly, in the National Practice Exam, Keitaro ranked 27th from the bottom. Knowing his grandmother owned a hotel, Keitaro intended to stay there while continuing his studies for Tokyo U, only to find out the hotel had long been transformed into an all-girls dormitory. Through an odd twist of fate, Keitaro eventually became the manager of the dorm, beginning his life of living with 5 other girls. As another round of preliminary tests approach for Keitaro, so does Christmas. And as the first Christmas of the millenium, there is a rumor that if one confesses his love on this special eve it will come true. Keitaro has decided what he needs to do on this Christmas eve, but being a retaker can he afford taking attention away from the tests on the same day... The Winter has begun in Hinata. X-mas is coming up. There are rumors about this special christmas eve: If someone is going to confess his love on this christmas eve, any wish will come true. Keitaro decides to confess his love to Naru. But he isn't the only one confessing on this christmas eve... (Source: ANN) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Momokichi Momoi is a brutal baseball owner with mob connections. A mysterious old man hires Mikura and the Danger Service Agency to kidnap Momokichi. But the DSA has bigger problems standing in their way, namely Momokichi's daughter Momomi, a young girl with a twisted mind and a loaded gun. Momomi has a reputation as a cold-blooded killer who strikes fear in her adversaries. Now the DSA must find a way to accomplish their mission without getting slaughtered in the process. (Source: Media Blasters) Nothing interesting happens in Naota's life since his brother left for America, leaving him with his grandfather and father in their boring little town. On his way home with Mamimi—his brother's ex-girlfriend—a pink-haired, crazy woman riding a Vespa named Haruko suddenly slams into him, kisses him, and then bashes him in the head with her guitar before riding off. The next thing he knows, the crazy girl is working as his housekeeper, two robots sprout from his forehead to do battle, and the surviving one starts living with him as well. I think it's fair to say that Naota has parted ways with his old mundane life. FLCL is a kooky coming-of-age story with surprisingly deep undertones as the twelve-year-old Naota develops through the wild antics of Haruko and matures along the way into adulthood. The evil Gigatron has led his forces of Destrongers to Earth, where they seek to pillage the planet for its vast energy resources in order to fuel their war against the Autobots. If successful, the Destrongers will finally be able to tip the scale of power in the war to their favor, eliminating the Autobots and moving on to conquer the universe. To this end, the Destrongers kidnap the scientist Dr. Ohnishi, Earth’s leading scientist on energy and natural resources. Dr. Oonishi’s son, Koji, is contacted by none other than Fire Convoy, who takes the boy on a mission to rescue his father. Although Fire Convoy and the other Autobots fight valiantly, they are unable to rescue the doctor from the Destrongers. Now it is up to the Autobots and Koji to rescue Dr. Oonishi and protect the Earth and its resources from Gigatron and his army. Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Miyu is an 8th grade girl, whose parents have been hired by NASA. They take off to America leaving Miyu with Mr. Saionji. Later, Mr. Saionji decides to go on a 1 year long trip to India leaving Miyu alone with his son, Kanata. More complications rise when an Alien baby and his babysitter pet crashes/lands in their house. To make things worse, alien baby starts calling Miyu and Kanata Mom and Dad, also showing ESP power and floating around. (Source: ANN) Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This movie takes place after the Adventure series ends. It begins when a new Digimon Egg is found on the internet, and manages to penetrate into almost every computer system in Japan. When the egg hatches, it's identified as a new kind of Digimon, a Virus-type. It sustains itself by eating data from various system, and starts wreaking havok in Japan. As it consumes more and more data, it continues to evolve. And Taichi and Koushiro decide it's time to stop it. They're off, sending Agumon and Tentomon through the internet to fight off this new enemy. But, with the Virus controlling systems like the American military, all too soon, this digital menace may become all too real. Calling in the help of Yamato and Takeru, they hope that they can stop what's already begun, and maybe save this world a second time. (Source: AniDB) The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) All Shuichi ever dreamed about was following in the footsteps of his pop idol, Ryuichi Sakuma and the band Nittle Grasper. Together with his best friend Hiro, Shuichi's formed a band called Bad Luck and they've even managed to get signed to a major recording label! Unfortunately, the studio deadlines are looming and Shuichi still hasn't finished the lyrics for any of the songs. What he needs is a little inspiration... but he's been running a little low in that department lately. While Hiro recommends finding a girlfriend, fate has other things in store for him... Walking through the park late one night, Shuichi's latest lyrics flutter away and land at the feet of a stunning stranger that takes his breath away. Unfortunately, that mysterious stranger happens to be the famous novelist Eiri Yuki, who completely crushes the young singer by telling him he has "zero talent". Now, Shuichi's so annoyed that he's managed to finish his song just so he can find and confront Yuki once again. But, are his actions really motivated by anger, or has he actually fallen in love? (Source: RightStuf) Onizuka is a reformed biker gang leader who has his sights set on an honorable new ambition: to become the world's greatest teacher... for the purpose of meeting sexy high school girls. Okay, so he's mostly reformed. However, strict administrators and a class of ruthless delinquents stand between Onizuka and his goal and they will use any means, however illegal or low, to drive the new teacher away. Perfect, because Onizuka's methods won't be found in any teaching manual; he cares about the difference between legal and illegal activities about as much as he cares for the age difference between himself and a high school girl. So get ready for math that doesn't add up, language you'd be slapped for using, and biology that would make a grown man blush... unless of course, you're the Great Teacher Onizuka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A story based on Shimizu no Jirochou, an early yakuza who specialized in gambling and maritime transport. The anime is composed of 10 stories. Each story was told over 3 episodes. The particular tale is based on Hirosawa Torazo II's telling; Hirosawa is a roukyoku/naniwabushi. Twenty-four-year-old Kirara is on her way to her wedding when she is killed in a car accident. However her love for her fiance is so strong that she is permitted to return to earth as a ghost to see him. But she is sent back 8 years in time, to when she and her fiancé first met. However her own meddling in the past may make her 16 year-old-self turn away from her would-be fiance. Could YOU hold out? Haunted by the memory of his ideal woman, Masahiko is determined not to lose his virginity until he finds her again. Too bad his memory sucks and he can't remember who she is. While Masahiko is dreaming of his mystery woman, he may not have a choice in waiting for her much longer! It seems that everyone wants a piece of him lately. At work, his sex-starved boss is looking for a little action while her husband is out of town. At home, a very buxom childhood friend moves in and leaves him drooling. At college, he's become the target of both his professor and a sly sexy student stalker who manages to pop up in the most unusual places! To top everything off, Asuka, one of his neighbors, is secretly harboring her own fantasies about him! With this amount of sexual frustration swirling around him, can he possibly manage to hold out for the girl of his dreams? (Source: Critical Mass Video) Takashi Horimachi is an ordinary curious fifth grader attending "Anytown" Elementary School. One day, a very unusual transfer student named Taro Tanaka joins Takashi's class. Takashi and his classmates have never encountered anyone quite like Taro before. He is blue, has huge glowing eyes, pointy ears, a smooth bald head and one horn. Takashi, obsessed with trying to figure out this strange new visitor, attempts to track Taro's every move; and in the process he continuously falls victim to Taro's hilarious assortment of cosmic jokes and traps. (Source: ANN) Two Ghibli created shorts about the happenings in a fictional animation studio, presumably based to some extent on their own. Makunouchi Ippo has been bullied his entire life. Constantly running errands and being beaten up by his classmates, Ippo has always dreamed of changing himself, but never has the passion to act upon it. One day, in the midst of yet another bullying, Ippo is saved by Takamura Mamoru, who happens to be a boxer. Ippo faints from his injuries and is brought to the Kamogawa boxing gym to recover. As he regains consciousness, he is awed and amazed at his new surroundings in the gym, though lacks confidence to attempt anything. Takamura places a photo of Ippo's classmate on a punching bag and forces him to punch it. It is only then that Ippo feels something stir inside him and eventually asks Takamura to train him in boxing. Thinking that Ippo does not have what it takes, Takamura gives him a task deemed impossible and gives him a one week time limit. With a sudden desire to get stronger, for himself and his hard working mother, Ippo trains relentlessly to accomplish the task within the time limit. Thus Ippo's journey to the top of the boxing world begins. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Nobita misses his granny that died a few years ago, so Doraemon takes Nobita to the past to see his grandmother one more time. But they face through a lot of things such as the younger selves of Nobita and his friends, and young Nobita's mother that doesn't recognize Nobita or Doraemon. (Source: Wikipedia) Jinguuji Miko and her male assistant Kanda Rokuro hunt phantoms together. The phantoms invade peoples bodies and control them. Trained as a skilled Phantom Hunter Miko must use exorcism to send the phantoms back to where ever they came from. For centuries, a god named Celestin has been imprisoned on the moon for betraying the kingdom of Yggdrasil. Released by the fairy Morgan Le Fey, Celestin travels to Earth to reunite with his former pupil, the goddess Belldandy. Things go awry as Celestin erases Belldandy's memories of her boyfriend Keiichi and uses her as a catalyst to wreak havoc on Earth and Yggdrasil. A summary compilation of the Kanto season of Pocket Monsters . (Source: AniDB) Saotome Kazuya is a computer whiz. One day his friend Nanbara, threatens him with a computer virus. Trying to stop the virus, Kazuya ends up making a special order. May is a cyberdoll that arrives at his door a few minutes later and she is 1/6th the size of a normal person, which makes for many awkward situations. Not to mention the fact Kazuya can't even afford to keep May. Cyberdyne is not satisfied with Kazuya's non-payments and will do anything to retrieve CBD May. (Source: ANN) Join the new legend of Guru Guru, where Nike, the reluctant hero, and Kukuri, the innocent heroine, return to save the world. The magical adventure that unfolds, with its unique monsters and eccentric characters, is sure to draw you into this curious and exciting realm. To save the world from evil King Giri, Kukuri must locate the monsters in each territory and win them, one by one, over to her side. Meanwhile Nike`s task is to be recognized by the Four Kings of Nature and collect their swords. These swords are known as the "Sword of Wind", the "Sword of Water", the "Sword of Earth" and the "Sword of Fire". Can Nike and Kukuri truly become hero and heroine? Follow their journey and find out! (Source: AniDB) At the end of the first season, Doremi and her friends all had to give up their witch powers and be normal girls again. This also meant that they couldn't see Majorika, Lala, and the fairies again. The MAHO-Dou was also deserted and the door to the Majokai was locked. The Queen, having seen all this through her crystal ball, secretly makes it so that Doremi and co. all end up heading into the Majokai again, with the excuse to return Majorika's hair dryer. However they end up stumbling into a garden, and one of the roses reveals a baby! The Queen tells the girls that they must raise the baby for a whole year. To help them, they receive newer and stronger witch powers than before! The adventure isn't over yet! During the summer holidays, Sakura and her class are preparing to present a play at the annual Nadeshiko Festival. The unexpected arrival of Syaoran (and Meiling) give Sakura the courage to finally reciprocate her feelings. But as the cards begin to disappear one by one, Sakura discovers a single cards still remains. One with power equal to all hers... It is during this summer that Sakura faces her final battle. Ex-Driver is set in the future, when all transportation is easily controlled by AI. Though like all machines they tend to break down or lose control or re-programmed. This is where three high schoolers with non AI cars, Subaru WRX, Super 7, Lotus comes in to save the day and make sure the public is safe at all times. (Source: ANN) Throughout the broadcast of Shaman King, many shorts (usually referred to as Shaman King omake and TV specials) were made on special days of the year related to spirits and the like. The omake were short stories that were made for humorous effect. Apparently, all of the omake fit into the story before the Shaman Fight 2nd round. Documents of the Shaman Fight was shown with a New Year's omake as well. The TV Specials were aired after specific points of the story as well as on holidays. The specials were never dubbed in English, and, most likely, never will be. (Source: Wikipedia) Daina Nariyuki, a sexy, young, English teacher, is planning to charm his way into four of his cute students, Lisa (Inari Vachs), Fumiko, Naoki, and Mimiko. However, Onikuma, the school dean, is already one step ahead of him with his own sinister plan... What is Onikuma up to? What will Daina do? Will he get his girls? Will he also end up with his pretty new assistant, Mayu (Tabitha Stevens)? Follow the titillating adventure of Daina, and his sexy girls! (Source: AniDB.net) Woonan is the legendary Great Gold Pirate, earning the nickname after accumulating about 1/3 of the gold available in the world. Even after his disappearance, the tales of his gold being stashed away in a remote island continue to persist, a juicy target that other pirates lust for. One of the pirates going to great lengths to attain the treasure is El Drago. He and his crew have hunted down Woonan's former crew members one by one, and along the way, they find the map that will take them to the hidden island. The map is not all they come across; they also manage to come into contact with the straw hat pirates. After a short battle, Luffy and company are robbed and separated from one another. Now they must find a way to make it to the island before El Drago does and take the legendary treasure for themselves. Pikachu meets the Pichu brothers and goes on an adventure through the city with them while trying to get back to the building where the rest of Ash's Pokemon are. Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality. While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix. He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time! Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An alternative interpretation of the series' start. More Time Bokan adventures. When a group of kids head out for summer camp, they don't expect it to snow in the middle of July. Out of nowhere, the kids receive strange devices which transport them to a very different world to begin their Digimon Adventure ! Led by the plucky Taichi Yagami, the seven children must now survive in a realm far from home, filled with monsters and devoid of other humans. Luckily, they're not alone: each child is paired off with a companion digital monster called a Digimon. Together, the children and their new friends must overcome their insecurities, discover their inner strengths, and evolve into stronger fighters - literally. A force of evil is spreading through the Digital World, corrupting all the Digimon. The DigiDestined have arrived and it’s up to them to save the Digital World, if they ever want to see their home world again. Even after death, life is full of paperwork and criminals. Tsuzuki Asato is a 26 year old, happy-go-lucky, and dorky shinigami (god of death) whose job is to makes sure that those who are dead remain dead and stay in their proper realms. Even though he's had this job for over 70 years, he is in the worst division with horrible pay. He also has a knack for not keeping partners (since shinigami work in pairs), but now he seems to have one that will stick around; stubborn, smart-mouthed, serious and defensive 16 year old, Kurosaki Hisoka. With each case they investigate, they come closer to the conspiracies of the serial killer Dr. Muraki Kazutaka. Tsuzuki's relationship with Hisoka is growing stronger and closer...but there is a dark past to how Tsuzuki died that will not give him peace. (Source: ANN) Four additional short stories of the Steel Angels: Saki becomes a film actress, Karinka goes on a blind date with Kamihito, Kurumi practices the art of becoming a traditional Japanese woman, and the rest of the Steel Angels engage in a contest to win Nakahito's heart. (Source: ANN) Meet Galan, a Russian spastic geek who`d do anything to be a real, live samurai. But that`s just an impossible dream... or is it? When his friend Natsu, who is a successor of Japanese emigrants family, gives him the gift of an ancient sword, strange events unfold, and even stranger people drop out of the sky to attack. Now Galan must overcome his ineptitude and join a bunch of beautiful women in a wacky romp through a kingdom that time forgot. Hey, what could be better? (Source: AniDB, edited) In the Edo or Tokugawa period (1600–1868), Ran, a female wandering samurai whose skill with the katana is only matched by her taste for sake (rice wine), is joined by a chinese martial artist who calls herself Lady Meow of the Iron Cat Fist. Tsukikage Ran has individual episodes that are just short stories of their adventures. In the peaceful life of modern Japan, Shaorin and Tasuke explore their relationship amid familiar interventions and new challenges. Shaorin begins to discover why she chose to stay with Tasuke, and Tasuke begins to learn the depth of his love toward Shaorin. (Source: ANN) Doraemon and its friends open a hole in the time and they're travel to the Country of Mayana, a lost Mayan civilization in the jungle. There, Nobita will know its perfect double, prince Thio, heir to the throne. Both will decide to interchange papers to try to save to the Country of Mayana of the claws of the infernal Ledina witch and her evil forces. (Source: ANN) Spoiled rich girl Yao Sakurakouji decides to join the Miami police force to enjoy car chases, gunfights and wanton destruction. The psychotic and not-too-bright Yao is partnered with Lu Amano, the soft-spoken and sharp-tongued daughter of the police chief. Together the dirty duo clean up the streets of Miami and take on a mysterious crime syndicate known only as 'The Organization'. (Source: ANN) In the 21st century, aliens have arrived on Earth and live among humans. In sleepy Enohana, the dirt-poor student Chigasaki Mayuko finds herself living together with NieA, a low-caste ("Under Seven") alien. While Mayuko struggles diligently to make ends meet, NieA seems to be totally unconcerned with the consequences of her actions. As the odd couple throws off the expected sparks, the wrecked alien mothership looms in the background... (Source: ANN) A young Felix the Cat and his baby pals find fun and mischief along their travels. The Nohara family is on a cruise heading towards a tropical island when suddenly the ship is invaded by a large group of monkeys. The simians capture all adults and take them to a nearby isle while leaving all children behind. It is up to Shin-chan and his friends to find and save the grown-ups. (Source: ANN) Digimon special, Mario Kart style racing. 12th Anpanman short movie. One day a normal cat boy got a power to transform into a super "kamen cat". Whenever he heard people saying "help" he would dash right over there and help them fight against enemies. A sixteen-year-old girl is struggling to adjust to a new step-family when seven guys appear on the scene revealing that she possesses a special magical power. Shying away from the strange group, she later joins them when a monster places her friend's life in jeopardy. Without training, she must prove herself capable to take up the sacred duty of the Pretear. They must resolve their differences and work together to defeat the evil princess intent on destruction. (Source: FUNimation) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. One year has passed since Nao and Uehara accidently moved into the same apartment. Since then, they have become an official couple. With Uehara's 16th birthday coming up, Nao's biggest worry is what to buy him. Everything is going smoothly- that is, until Nao realizes Uehara's birthday has already passed and she spent it acting as a cut model for the handsome hair stylist, Asai. (Source: ANN) Dr. Hell and his Mechanical Beasts are back, and they're more dangerous than ever before. Kouji Kabuto and Tetsuya Tsurugi fight a fierce battle against these hellish machines, which are under the command of Baron Ashura. Unfortunately, they are defeated, with Kouji's Mazinger Z being captured and Tetsuya's Great Mazinger seriously damaged by the enemy. The devious Dr. Hell quickly converts the captured robot into Ashura Mazinger and uses it to attack the Photo Power Lab. At the same time, Kouji is missing in action, which leaves Testuya to defend the lab in the damaged Great Mazinger. But the forces of Dr. Hell are too strong, even for a brave pilot such as Tetsuya, and all seems to be lost. The battle seems to be drawing to a close, until an overpowering blast fired by an unknown robot destroys the entire Mechanical Beast army. Could this mysterious robot be the legendary Mazinkaiser, and who is piloting it? At Daimon High School, kids settle their disputes by dueling with each other in the school's official K-Fight battle arena. Ryoko Mitsurugi, samurai girl and undefeated K-Fight champion, is called upon by a mysterious Priestess to protect the Earth from an invasion coming from the alternate universe of Solvania. She must face battles that will test her skills, her friendships, and her heart in order to find her true strength as a samurai warrior. (Source: ANN) Stray Sheep is based on the tales of Poe, a naïve, independent and curious ram who finds himself sleepwalking into the most unpredictable situations on his path to reuniting with his herd and finding the “ewe” of his dreams. (Source: ANN) Vandread The First Stage (season one) was immediately followed up by this TV special. This TV special, also known as Vandread Taidouhen Stage (The Movement Stage) was a recap of the first 13 episodes with additional footage. So, Vandread Taidouhen is not really a bridge between Vandread The First Stage and Vandread The Second Stage (season two). It was made to bring new viewers up to date as to what happened during the first season (Source: AniDB) 40 years ago, a Celebi was being attacked by a Pokemon Hunter. Luckily, a young boy named Sammy saved Celebi. Using its Time Traveling power, Celebi transported himself and Sammy 40 years into the future. There, Ash, Misty, and Brock assist Sammy to the healing lake in the forest so they can heal the wounded Celebi. Unfortunately an evil Team Rocket member, Viscious a.k.a. "The Iron Masked Marauder", tries to capture Celebi using his technology. As Ash and Co. try to get away from Viscious, they also run into Jessie, James, and Meowth, who also want to capture Celebi. Soon it becomes a race against time to get Celebi and Sammy back to the forest before Celebi is caught and is used to destroy the forest and themselves. (Source: ANN) Louie, a brawny student at the mage's guild, is reluctantly accepted by three girls (Merrill-thief, Genie-fighter, and Melissa-priestess) as a companion for their adventuring party. As the foursome explore ruins, battle dark creatures, and make new friends, they also uncover a sinister plot within the kingdom. (Source: ANN) After the accident in which she lost her mother, 16-year-old Tooru moves in with her grandfather, but due to his home being renovated, is unable to continue living with him. Claiming she will find someone to stay with but also fearing the criticism of her family and not wanting to burden any of her friends, Tooru resorts to secretly living on her own in a tent in the woods. One night on her way back from work, she finds her tent buried underneath a landslide. Yuki Souma, the "prince" of her school, and his cousin Shigure Souma, a famous author, stumble across Tooru's situation and invite her to stay with them until her grandfather’s home renovations are complete. Upon arriving at the Souma house, Tooru discovers their secret: if a Souma is hugged by someone of the opposite gender, they temporarily transform into one of the animals of the zodiac! However, this strange phenomenon is no laughing matter; rather, it is a terrible curse that holds a dark history. As she continues her journey, meeting more members of the zodiac family, will Tooru's kindhearted yet resilient nature be enough to prepare her for what lies behind the Souma household's doors? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The fourth series, The Bloody Karte (presented as a side series on the DVDs) is a set of 12 stories about Catherine working in a mysterious hospital. (Source: AniDB) 49-year-old James Lynx was an officer (LEV pilot) in the United Nations global army, one day he received notification that his wife—a Martian scientist—was killed during a lab experiment. Hateful and resentful for letting her go, his children blamed him and cast him aside, depressed and in despair, James quit the military and took up a job as a transporter between Earth and Mars, he had some slight hope of his wife still being alive and to find her he wanted to be out there. After a few years, he seemed to have given up all hope and turned to drinking, until one day he receives an orbital frame by the name of "Delorez," sent by his dead wife. Once again, he dares to hope and sets off on a wild and wacky adventure to find the truth and to reunite his family. (Source: AniDB) A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor. 12-year-old Shindou Hikaru is just your average 6th grader. One day, while searching through his grandfather's attic, he comes across an old Go board. Upon touching the Go board, Hikaru is possessed by the spirit of Fujiwara no Sai, and continues to be haunted by him soon after. Sai was once a great Go player, who committed suicide and continued to stay in the world as a spirit desiring only to play Go once again. Finally bending to Sai's pleas, Hikaru allows Sai to play Go through himself, unknowingly attempting the first game with the young prodigy Touya Akira. Time has finally started moving, as Sai's quest for the perfect game, "The Hand of God", is set underway. Based on the manga by Yumi Hotta and Takeshi Obata. As a pair of towers in Tokyo are being prepared for their grand opening, there is a series of murders of people connected to the towers. Conan suspects that the mysterious Syndicate may also be involved. (Source: ANN) Zenigata arrives on the ship "Machine Gun Kelly", a casino on the water owned by the mafia, because Lupin plans on stealing the casino's money. Lupin and his gang manages to break into the ship's vault but was unable to escape with the money due to Zenigata's shooting. However, there was another purpose the ship had, one that Lupin was aware of; to search for a sunken ship filled with gold. Lupin managed to steal this data while he was on the ship, however, now they have to contend with Zenigata, the mafia, and a secret organization whose base is under Alcatraz, as they attempt to uncover the secret behind the organization and the sunken treasure. (Source: ANN) Kenta, a Pokemon master in the making, meets up with his childhood friend, Marina, at a Pokemon Center, to see how their skills have developed. Their battle is interrupted by a thunderstorm and the arrival of Bashou and Buson, two Roketto-Dan members using the Crystal System (which attracts Electric-type Pokemon). Their ultimate goal is to, under the guidance of Shiranui-hakase, bring Pokemon back to Sakaki. Kenta and Marina stumble upon this plan, and they try to stop it, but things get more difficult when the legendary Pokemon Raikou is captured. (Source: ANN) A battle is about to begin in Tokyo: the Shaman Fight, a tournament held every five hundred years where shaman—those who can command spirits—confront each other in combat. The victor of this contest becomes the Shaman King and the only one who is able to contact and control the Great Spirit, allowing them to reshape the world as they please through its immense power. During a late night walk, Manta Oyamada runs into his classmate, the carefree You Asakura, who invites him to come stargazing with some friends, who, to Manta's horror, turn out to be ghosts from a local cemetery! However, the knowledge that Manta possesses—a rare sixth sense that allows Manta to see these spirits—endears the boy to You. So when You finds out that his new comrade has been beaten up by a local gang, he decides to avenge him with the help of Amidamaru, a samurai ghost whose tomb was broken by the gang leader. Soon Manta uncovers more about the world of spirits, including the Shaman Fight, in which his new friend You aims to claim victory. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story follows Kintaro, former leader of a widely feared and respected biker gang, who decides that its time to "straighten out" and become a "salaryman" since his wife died and he has to take care of his young son. (Source: AniDB) Preparing a party for her anniversary with the King, when he failed to show up Chocola decided to run away from the castle. Sporting designer clothes, make-up, and nails, Ran Kotobuki is the very picture of a trendy, young Shibuya girl, but don't let that fool you. This girl comes from a family of cops, and she’s ready to lay you out flat if you even think about causing trouble in her town! At least, she will... when she’s not distracted with karaoke, shopping, and dodging her homework. Join Ran and her friends as they defend the streets of Shibuya and attempt to shop their way into the history books as the most famous Gals ever! (Source: RightStuf) Seventeen year old Nakaido Hirosuke is just your average high school student. One morning as he arrives at the train station on his way to school, he catches sight of a beautiful girl, Ajimu Yasuna, and immediately falls for her. The two of them get to know each other and become friends, but he can't confess his feelings and she is unsure of hers. As events and other people present obstacles for the potential couple to clear, their relationship begins to develop and their feelings become clear. (Source: ANN) Kageman is a boy who wants to become the best detective in the world. Each of the self-contained episode features a fun guessing game and unriddling of a case. (Source: AniDB) Dejiko decided to take a vacation and visit her home, Planet Di Gi Charat, together with Puchiko, Gema, and (accidentally) Rabi~en~Rose. However, Piyoko and her aids would not let go this chance to capture her. (Source: ANN) Piyoko and her villainous friends plot for a way to use the mouth rocket to beat Dejiko's laser eyes. The Ohamami Special consisted of four independent episodes of Di Gi Charat with no continuation that aired in Spring 2001 in Japan. • Ohanami Special Episode 1 - The Evil Settles Down • Ohanami Special Episode 2 - Sakura Sakura • Ohanami Special Episode 3 - Long Haired Onii-san-nyu • Ohanami Special Episode 4 - Don`t Call me Rabi-en-Rose (Source: AniDB & Wikipedia) The Di Gi Charat Natsuyasumi Special was another four episode series set in America that aired almost a year after the original series from August 2, 2001 to August 3, 2001. The young American otaku, Rodoyan, is introduced in this series. • Natsuyasumi Special Episode 1 - Dejiko in America 1 • Natsuyasumi Special Episode 2 - Dejiko in America 2 When Puchiko wanted to get off a bus she couldn't reach the signal button, and the driver (looks just like Abarenbou) kept accelerating until reaching America. Soon Dejiko received a letter from Rod Young, an American boy and a big fan of Dejiko who let Puchiko stay with him, inviting Dejiko to America to visit them and pick Puchiko up. • Natsuyasumi Special Episode 3 - Depurapyogebo Debut A contest of bands was about to be held at Akihabara; the first prize is 10-year supply of nattou, Dejiko's favorite food. She decided to enroll but couldn't find enough members or instruments. • Natsuyasumi Special Episode 4 - Isn`t Anyone Here-nyo? Dejiko and gangs of Gamers went to the mountains, but when night fell people began to disappear one by one (Source: ANN, AniDB & Wikipedia) Di Gi Charat (call her Dejiko for short) and Petit Charat (the cute little charat) come down to Earth, where they want to be idols, or something like that. Rabi~en~Rose (a random girl with bunny ears) decides they're in her way of becoming an idol herself. They all end up working at Gamers, where various otaku, children, and humanoid fingers walk in and act like morons. Contains: Gema no Sumika Tsusode shiu Engekidan (ii ne!) (Source: AniDB) After being inspired by the fictional anime, "Luis Monde III", Mikiko "Kuromi" Oguro goes to animation school and and finally lands the job of her dreams at Studio Petit. Upon arriving, she meets the head of production. Unfortunately for her, he dies soon after meeting her and passes his position unto her. Now that she's head of production of "Time Journeys", it's up to her to rally up the lazy animator's and finish the second episode in a week. (Source: ANN) The tests have come, and Keitaro can only hope to succeed. However, in the final stretch, he fails miserably and daydreams through the test. Assuming that he has failed, he runs away, so the rest of the cast hunts him down on a remote desert island to bring him back. The Toudai entrance exams have finally come (again) for Keitaro. With all his confidence Keitaro sits for the paper, but ends up falling asleep and dreaming about Narusegawa. Waking up with barely any time to complete the paper, Keitaro thinks he will fail the paper and tries to escape from Hinata Lodge and forget all the memories with it. By a stroke of luck he meets Seta, but ends up in a faraway island with the whole cast trying to look for him. (Source: ANN) The Daichis are a family in danger of tearing itself apart. Dissatisfied and money obsessed mom Seiko has served wimpy and otaku dad Mamoru with divorce papers. Daughter Nozomi who has always been saddled with all the housework, feels pained that everyone is using her. The youngest albeit most foul mouthed, Dai is forced to watch all this as everything is going to pieces. However when the Galaxy Federation recruits the Daichis to combat alien threats to the wellbeing of the Earth, it will be a chance for the family to save the world and maybe themselves. (Source: ANN) AA! Megami Sama creator, Kosuke Fujishima, is back with the second season of Taiho Schihauzo (You're Under Arrest). Same characters, two policewomen, the gentle Miyuki and the wild Natsumi teamed up together in Bokuto police station`s traffic division. Other characters including Kenichi, the motorcycle cop who has a feeling for Miyuki; Yoriko with her gossip and Aoi, a transvestite. They all ready to take on harmless criminals and costumed weirdos... You think you can have a better police station? (Source: AniDB) Comet (12 years old in human years) is the princess of the Harmonica Star country and was to meet the prince of the Tambourine Star country at a ball where he'd pick a bride. But he isn't there and so Comet is sent to Earth to find him. He'll be known by the starlight in his eyes. She finds the Earth and she loves the people she meets there. Meanwhile, Princess Meteor of the Castanet Star country also arrives on Earth in search of the prince. Comet's companion is a little puppy with a star at the end of his tail named Rubba Ball. Of course, Comet was not the first to visit the Earth and love it, another before her did as well and married. Her pet (a white cat with bunny ears and a tiny heart on her tail named Bunny) continued life as a kind of fairy in the forest. Comet's power is drawn from the stars of her home and is channeled through her baton; she also wears a special pendant from where Rubba Ball immerges, and with which she can detect and find the prince. (Source: ANN)  The world of tennis is harsh and highly competitive. Numerous schools from Japan battle it out to determine the best of the best. Seishin Gakuen Junior High School, more commonly known as Seigaku, is one of the most prominent contestants in this battle of the finest. Their team line-up gets even stronger with the sudden arrival of a young prodigy from the West, Ryouma Echizen, who is determined to prove himself and escape the towering shadow of his legendary father. This fine addition changes the team forever. Prince of Tennis follows the heartwarming and inspirational story of Ryouma on his quest to become one of the best tennis players the country has ever seen. He pushes himself hard so that he can one day surpass his father’s name and his own personal expectations. Alongside the rest of the Seigaku team, Ryouma fights to make his and his teammate's dreams come true. Special episode. Kanzaki Meirin, a junior high school student, posseses fusui power which can drive away evil spirits away whenever they appeared. She is in fact, the fortune teller Dr. Rin. She is in love with her best friend, soccer club member, Yuuki Asuka. However, Yuuki does not like fortune-telling and superstitious things. (Source: ANN) Nothing interesting happens in Naota's life since his brother left for America, leaving him with his grandfather and father in their boring little town. On his way home with Mamimi—his brother's ex-girlfriend—a pink-haired, crazy woman riding a Vespa named Haruko suddenly slams into him, kisses him, and then bashes him in the head with her guitar before riding off. The next thing he knows, the crazy girl is working as his housekeeper, two robots sprout from his forehead to do battle, and the surviving one starts living with him as well. I think it's fair to say that Naota has parted ways with his old mundane life. FLCL is a kooky coming-of-age story with surprisingly deep undertones as the twelve-year-old Naota develops through the wild antics of Haruko and matures along the way into adulthood. Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out! This is the online version of Mahou Yugi... (Source: AniDB) Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out! (Source: AniDB) Miyu is an 8th grade girl, whose parents have been hired by NASA. They take off to America leaving Miyu with Mr. Saionji. Later, Mr. Saionji decides to go on a 1 year long trip to India leaving Miyu alone with his son, Kanata. More complications rise when an Alien baby and his babysitter pet crashes/lands in their house. To make things worse, alien baby starts calling Miyu and Kanata Mom and Dad, also showing ESP power and floating around. (Source: ANN) Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Luffy and his crew are on Mirror Ball Island during a dance carnival. They are spotted by Marines just as Jango the hypnotist is running from them. Luffy and the others are caught up in the dance carnival as Jango, in his desperate attempt to escape, hypnotizes the entire island to dance the night away. (Source: ANN) A diminuitive pink creature orbiting in space called "Kirby" crash lands into Dream Land. Once getting acquainted with the citizens who live there in Cappy Town, he begins to defend the town from the monsters that King Dedede, the self-proclaimed ruler of Cappy Town, orders from the evil Nightmare Enterprises. (Source: ANN) After the events of 02, everything is finally getting back to normal. That is, until a strangely familiar icon starts showing up on computer systems around the Japan. And not just computer systems... TVs, mobile phones, video games; anything with a screen with online capabilities. And this icon seems to be looking for somone... Yagami Taichi, and Ishida Yamato, who defeated it several years before. Yes, it turns out that this jellyfish digimon is in fact Diablomon, the Virus-type Digimon that was defeated in the second movie. But this time, he's learned to make himself physical, and is sending thousands of copies of himself into the real world. Koushiro and Ken devise a plan to rid the world of the virus once and for all, but it'll take the help of all the Destined, past and present. Once again, it's a race against time to put a stop to Diablomon's plot... but even that is cloaked in shadow. Will the revival of Omagamon be enough to stop Diablomon a second time, or will the millions of copies prove enough of a power boost to shrug off the "Digimon Champion of Justice"? Of course, he hasn't seen the new breed of Chosen, nor the new techniques. It's a fight to the finish, with the destruction of Tokyo resting on the line. (Source: AniDB) As the 21st century approaches, a new 20th-century museum has opened in town, for the adults to relive their childhood. However, the owners of the museum seem to have other plans for it. The adults start to behave strangely, and one morning, they abandon their children for the 20th-century museum. Shinnosuke, along with his friends, must now rescue his parents and stop the world from returning to the 20th century before they get captured. (Source:  ANN) Long ago, a war was waged between the forces of darkness and light as Dark Brings—stones containing dark power beyond human ability—put the world at risk with their destructive force. In order to stem the tide of darkness, a lone swordsman used holy power known as the Rave to destroy the source of every Dark Brings. The resulting explosion, which came to be known as the Overdrive, destroyed a tenth of the world; fragments of the Rave were scattered throughout. Groove Adventure Rave takes place fifty years after the Overdrive. A group known as Demon Card has collected the remaining Dark Brings, using them to lay siege to a number of towns. Meanwhile, a young swordsman by the name of Haru Glory has inherited both the Rave and its guardian, Plue, making him the next Rave Master. With the aid of an amnesiac drifter by the name of Elie and a silver-manipulating blacksmith by the name of Musica, Haru must scour the world in search of the scattered Rave Stones and put an end to the Dark Brings and Demon Card for once and for all. Nobi Nobita is a 4th-grade boy in Tokyo. One day, a round, blue cat-style robot (minus ears) pops up in his desk drawer. Nobita's great-great-grandson (or something) lives in the 22nd Century, but thanks to Nobita's mistakes, the entire family is living in poverty. To rectify this, Nobita's descendant sends Doraemon back to the past, to help prevent Nobita from making mistakes. Of course this is a difficult task since Nobita is the weakest and least intelligent child in his class. Doraemon does, however, have a 4-dimensional pocket on his front, which contains cool gadgets from the future. With these toys, Doraemon will try to help Nobita. Unfortunately, Nobita also has the bad habit of misusing Doraemon's gadgets and landing himself in yet more trouble! (Source: AnimeNfo) Haré was a happy boy living out his days in the jungle with his mother, but then one day Guu showed up and became a member of their household. Throughout the series he faces many hardships as he tries to keep Guu out of trouble in the jungle. (Source: ANN) The queen is collecting some jewels that apparently endanger the whole universe if they fall into the wrong hands. But Zephel screws up and loses one of the jewels. What should he do now? One guy. Five girls. One roof. It's a recycled idea, but it never gets old. Happy Lesson is a kinetic take on an old genre. Chitose shares his house with five ladies. One might think the continued attention of this many girls would be a good thing, but too much attention can prove to be painful. Did I mention they're also instructors at his school (hence the title)? Not only is he the subject of their abuse at home, but at school as well. Even when things finally calm down at night, all the rooms are taken so Chitose must sleep on the couch. (Source: AniDB) Makunouchi Ippo has been bullied his entire life. Constantly running errands and being beaten up by his classmates, Ippo has always dreamed of changing himself, but never has the passion to act upon it. One day, in the midst of yet another bullying, Ippo is saved by Takamura Mamoru, who happens to be a boxer. Ippo faints from his injuries and is brought to the Kamogawa boxing gym to recover. As he regains consciousness, he is awed and amazed at his new surroundings in the gym, though lacks confidence to attempt anything. Takamura places a photo of Ippo's classmate on a punching bag and forces him to punch it. It is only then that Ippo feels something stir inside him and eventually asks Takamura to train him in boxing. Thinking that Ippo does not have what it takes, Takamura gives him a task deemed impossible and gives him a one week time limit. With a sudden desire to get stronger, for himself and his hard working mother, Ippo trains relentlessly to accomplish the task within the time limit. Thus Ippo's journey to the top of the boxing world begins. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Vesper is a secret agency fighting an army of alien invaders by using super-powerful battle androids. Mahoro is Vesper's most powerful battle android and has won many battles, but she has little operating time left and soon will cease to function. However, if she lays down her arms and conserves her remaining power, the time she has left can be prolonged to just over a year. Mahoro is given an opportunity to live the remaining time she has as a normal human. She chooses to live as a maid for Suguru, a phenomenally messy middle school student who lives by himself after his family passed away. (Source: ANN) Afro Ken is a Japanese character created by the San-X company, which creates other anime-style characters such as Kogepan. He is a dog with a rainbow-coloured afro. He is innocent and blameless and always in a good mood. Afro Ken is always willing to try new things. Afro Ken is attracted to objects that look like he does. His hair changes to look like these things as he gets close to them. There is an Afro Ken Family Tree with other dog characters who have outrageous names, such as Techno Ken, Funky Ken, Lord Ken, Super Afro Ken, and Normal Ken. Unlike the others, Normal Ken does not have wild hair. (Source: Wikipedia) Thirteen-year-old Tyson Granger (Takao Kinomiya), along with his fellow teammates, Kai Hiwatari, Max Tate (Max Mizuhura), and Ray Kon (Rei Kon), strive to become the greatest Beybladers in the world. With the technical help of the team's resident genius, Kenny (Kyouju), and with the powerful strength of their BitBeasts, the Bladebreakers armed with their tops (AKA: Blades) attempt to reach their goal. (Source: ANN) Destiny or delusion? It's a hilarious rollercoaster of laughter and confusion when Taishi, the ultimate otaku, drags his friend Kazuki into the swirling world of ambition, hatred, and love—the world of fan comics! Poor clueless Kazuki must sink or swim when he's dumped straight into the middle of a massive comic convention. Lost amidst hoards of buyers, sellers, and cosplayers, Kazuki is about to be baptized by fire, all in order to lead him toward his true calling: to take over the world through fan comics! Meanwhile, Kazuki's childhood friend Mizuki isn't about to let him be dragged from his normal life without a fight! But will she be able to stop the addictive draw of the new world that lies before Kazuki? Little by little, Kazuki is slipping down the path towards destiny—and Taishi is shoving him every step of the way! (Source: RightStuf) Haruka Tsuchiya is a plain and simple university student who has a pet by the name of Okojo-san. Okojo-san was actually born in one of the mountains in the North and brought to one of the pet shops to be sold. Determined to get out of the pet shop, Okojo-san formulated an escape strategy and ended up in the house of Haruka. There are always funny and strange occurances happening around the two, be it the people or animals who are near them. This is a gag anime in which absurdity is the main feature of the story. (Source: ANN) A summary of the Watashi no Ashinaga Oji-san full series aired as a TV specials. Motoki is a junior-high student who can't ever concentrate on homework because of his sisters loud lesbian sex in the other rooms, he doesn't think life can get much worse.....until he gets a tutor and falls in love with her, from which he becomes a sex slave for her. (Source: ANN) Najica Hiiragi, perfumer and secret agent, is sent out on a number of recovery missions to round up rogue humaritts, androids with combat abilities. Najica is assigned a humaritt partner, Lila, whom Najica is to groom as an agent and receive assistance from along the way. As Najica grows to accept Lila, each new mission they embark on reveals more and more about the capabilities and mysterious origins of the humaritts. (Source: ANN) Love Hina Final Selection, tells the story of Love Hina. Then gives Keitaro's final selection of girl, for those unfamiliar with Love Hina, Keitaro is the main character, surrounded by girls in an all girl dorm, he is 20 unlucky and eventually becomes a cool, respected hero to the girls, they all end up having a crush on him and he must choose, this OVA features his decision. The series follows a boy named Tangoo and a robot named Ullashong. Have you ever heard of the Vampirians? One noble family of such vegetarian vampires have been banished from Monsterland for their inability to scare humans. To lift the exile set on the family, Papa, the head of the household, must scare 1000 humans. To this end, he attempts to use his magnificent skills in making new inventions, but always and inevitably fails. To complicate things further, Papa's daughter Sue falls in love with a young human boy and no longer wants to return to Monsterland. Will Papa ever get his family back home? (Source: Production I.G.) Keith is an honorable thief, but also a descendant of the legendary Shadow Blade. Employed as a guide for a sultry seductress - he finds himself soon wrapped up in much more than he bargained for. A one-night stand turns into the resurrection ritual for a demon?! He's really got his work cut out for him... (Source: AnimeOnDVD) A children's anime about police and their talking police cars. It has no steady plot. After the losing of magical ability to become witches, they once again become them. But, now they have to go through tests from the Witches of the Witch World. They also meet a new member, from New York, U.S. comes Momoko (the yellow Ojamajo). (Source: ANN) Parappa is just your ordinary talking dog; he enjoys spending time with his friends, listening to music, and going on adventures. Together with his friends, Parappa gets into many strange situations, all the while learning to navigate through life, get along with his friends, and pine for the girl of his dreams, Sunny Funny. Based on an equally quirky rhythm game, Parappa the Rapper boasts a unique flat style, blasts of color, and a string of strange but charming characters. Among Parappa’s friends are an anthropomorphized blue cat, lamb, and even a flower. Parappa's adventures range from the ordinary to the bizarre. He crosses paths with mischievous baddies, helps resolve questions of friendship and love, and even goes on trips through time itself. Nothing can change Parappa's positive outlook on life. The Angel Brigade, an elite branch of the Transbaal Empire military, are assigned to search for The Lost Technology, mysterious items from the past that hold unknown powers. Led by the soon to retire Colonel Volcott O' Huey, the Angel Brigade travel to different planets using their specially designed Emblem Frame ships to search for Lost Technology. Unfortunately, they usually mess up somehow and end up getting into all kinds of weird and troublesome situations. (Source: ANN) After losing his mother, 14-year-old Taro journeys to Tokyo to live with his grandfather. But he gets the biggest surprise when he discovers that his grandfather's home is a huge mansion with hundreds of beautiful maids ready to serve him. Making matters worse (at least for Taro, but not for our viewing) is that not only does he inherit the Hanaukyo mansion, he gets the services of all of the maids 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. (Source: ANN) In order to prevent the catastrophe called the Grand Fall, Rid Hershel and his companions Farah, Keel and Meredy have obtained the three Greater Spirits ("Craymels" in the game version) of Inferia. En route to Mount Farlos, Rid is kidnapped by the bounty hunter Marone Blucarno, and the party is compelled to head to Belcarnu, an archipelago far from the major cities of Inferia. A series of adventures forces them to remain on the islands, where a more immediate threat to Inferia sleeps. (Source: ANN) Inu-Yasha has mastered the ultimate attack of the Tetsusaiga and continues his battle for the Shikon Jewel shards with Kagome, Shippo, Sango, and Miroku. Unfortunately, a freak occurance with a jewel shard has brought to life an incarnation of a demonic enemy sealed by Inu-Yashas' father. Inu-Yasha must surpass his father and destroy this demon or every soul in Japan will be consumed. (Source: ANN) Informed by the Thief Brothers his ship has been stolen by the Trump Kyoudai (Trump Siblings) who have set up base on Clockwork Island. Monkey D. Luffy, Captain of the Going Merry and aspiring Pirate King works with his crew - Ussop, Zoro, Sanji and Nami to battle their way up Clockwork Island to reclaim their ship. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and the other pokemon play a game of hide and seek. Piroppo is a short series commisioned by Sony for the promotion of their robot dog Aibo. Apparently 54 slots of about 20 seconds each were made, but the dvd release totals 23 named episodes. Created by ISHII Katsuhito, director of Trava Fist Planet and several of the Grasshoppa live action projects, this is a highly original project despite the limited budget. (Source: AniDB) Amawa Hibiki is a young man just out of college, with an education to be an athletics teacher. He's been having a hard time finding a job since he graduated, so all his money has gone towards living expenses. When his landlady demands his first payment to live in her living establishment upfront, he heads to the local middle school to get hired as a teacher. However, the principal refuses to hire him without hesitation. She will not hire men as teachers and makes it clear that she hates all men, saying they put no love into their passions and work. Amawa does not give up and with the help of his landlady, he crossdresses as a woman without a second thought, and gets hired, so he can earn money and also prove the principal wrong. Now, he has to keep his real gender a secret, and avoid strange situations, including the affections of his students (from both genders). (Source: ANN) 12-year-old Misaki Suzuhara has just gotten involved in Angelic Layer, a battling game using electronic dolls called angels. Even as a newbie, Misaki shows advanced skills as she meets new friends and enters Angelic Layer tournaments to fight the greatest Angelic Layer champions of the nation. Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Taking place 75 years after the first series, Steel Angel Kurumi 2 brings the Steel Angels in a new mis-adventure. High school student and aspiring cellist Nako Kagura accidentally discovers and kisses Kurumi Mk. II at her home, thus making her Kurumi's master. But things go awry as Nako's best friend Uruka gets jealous and tries anything - including her father's army of top-secret mecha - to destroy Kurumi and win back Nako. Things get more out of control when Saki Mk. II is awakened by Uruka, and Karinka Mk. II joins in to steal Nako away from Kurumi. (Source: ANN) Poemi Watanabe (a.k.a. Kobayashi) is a 10-year-old girl with aspirations of being a famous voice actress. Unfortunately, her school grades are bad and her voice acting is even worse. But when a mysterious alien kills her parents and wreaks havoc all over Tokyo, Poemi grabs a talking fish, skins it into a wand and becomes the magical girl Puni Puni Poemi to save the day. (Source: ANN) An accident in the bakery's oven caused a piece of bread to stay in the oven for way too long. Thus Kogepan was born - a piece of burnt bread, having no chance to be sold. (Source: ANN) The main character, a cat named Nyatto, embarks upon a journey to save his sister's soul, which was ripped in two when Nyatto tried to save her from Death. She trails after him, brain-dead. They encounter many brilliant, mind-bending situations, beginning with a disturbing magic show. (Source: ANN) Three short stories featuring China-san. While the New Generation Choujins are taking part in Fan Appreciation Day, The Cyborg arrives, takes Meat hostage, and challenges Mantarou to a fight inside Tokyo Tower. (Source: ANN) Recap episode. In this short movie featuring familiar characters from Azumanga Daioh, Osaka is yet again having a strange dream of Chiyo-Chan's pigtails being posessed. As Chiyo-Chan's pigtails bounce out of the window, who knows if young Chiyo will ever be happy again. (Source: ANN) Nono-chan is the eldest daughter in the Yamada family and a third-grade elementary school student. Her family consists of her father, Mr Yamada Takashi, her mother, Mrs Yamada Matsuko and her brother, Noboru, a junior high student. Together with her grandmother, the family of five makes up a pleasant Japanese family. Everyone is special and everyday is always filled with joy and surprise. (Source: ANN) Goro's down on his luck. He keeps losing jobs and has little money. One day he meets a fortune-teller outside of a pet store who predicts that his luck will change. That night three girls appear in his appartment claiming to be his guardian angels. Soon a total of twelve girls appear to help him, each one a reincarnation of a deceased pet once owned by Goro. (Source: ANN) Asou Daisuke is a high school student and a gifted artist - but he is currently suffering from a block, which keeps him from painting. His childhood friend, Tachibana Amane, who loves him deeply, persuades him to do a portrait of Kimikage Yurina, a girl with a heart condition, before Yurina undergoes surgery. In the process of rediscovering his art, Daisuke also realises the love that he and Amane feel for each other. (Source: ANN) It's Laura's birthday, and Laura isn't paying much attention to him. Hamtaro then went with the ham-hams to ham ham land. Hamtaro is searching for the magic sunflower seed, but, he will have to battle Maou-hamu for it. The very tiny adventures of the equally tiny bright and happy J-pop group Mini Moni, without a real continued plot between each short. (Source: ANN) Zoids—powerful animal-shaped combat mechs—are no longer used in warfare, but in organized sporting competitions. The Blitz Team, a group of pilots struggling to carve out a niche for themselves in the Zoid battling leagues, experience a stroke of luck when Bit Cloud, a vagrant junk dealer, wanders into their midst and proves himself capable of piloting the temperamental Liger Zero, a Zoid that refuses to let anyone else into its cockpit. Led by Bit and the Liger, the Blitz Team steadily make their way to the top—but along the way they attract the unwelcome attention of the Backdraft Group, an organization of Zoid pilots that operates outside the laws set down by the Zoid Battle Commission. The Backdraft want powerful Zoids to add to their ranks, and they have their eye on the Liger Zero... In this three-episode OVA, Taro learns more about Cynthia`s life as herself and her alter-ego Grace. He also undergoes training with his bodyguard Konoe. And finally, Ikuyo dupes Taro in spending a whole day disguised as a maid. (Source: ANN) Kokoro Toshokan, a small library, lies nestled in an unpopulated mountain far away from town. Three sisters, Iina, Aruto and Kokoro, call the library home and run it from day-to-day. Kokoro is just beginning her adventures at the library. Will she become a full-fledged librarian? Will the remote library ever attract readers? Kokoro tries her best to make her dreams come true at Kokoro Library, a place where miracles can happen. (Source: ANN) Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic. (Source: ANN) Wataru Minakami is a top student who failed his high school entrance exam because of a computer glitch. He later discovered that he was accepted to Stargazer Hill Academy, which is located at a mysterious place called Promised Island. At the request of his father, Wataru is whisked away to the island, and before he can settle in, a dozen of cute and charming girls start to flock him and claim to be his younger sisters. As Wataru gets closer to his newfound siblings, a deeper mystery as to why they were sent to the island comes to play. (Source: ANN) Lina and Gourry travel to a seaside town named Acassi, where octopus tentacle is a delicacy. However, the octopus meat carries a curse that dooms the eater to only speak Takogo (octopus language). Amelia, Zelgadiss, and Xelloss all show up, and the main four characters (Lina, Gourry, Ameria, Zelgadiss) get cursed. The octopi enlist the power of a mazoku to get rid of the humans once and for all. The white sorceress Ruma must learn the cure to the curse from her long-lost master in order to save the town. (Source: ANN) Digimon Tamers takes place in a world where the popular Digimon franchise is all the rage, consisting of a cartoon, video games, and the trading card game. Takato Matsuda is a huge Digimon fan that's particularly obsessed with the card game, and constantly daydreams about the universe therein. One day, he finds a mysterious blue card, which he slides through a scanner toy to use in the popular battle game. His toy suddenly glows and transforms into a Digivice, and Takato's fan-made design, Guilmon, materialises in front of him. Thrilled by the prospect of having a real-life Digimon, Takato embraces his new partner, and his adventures as a Digimon Tamer begin. Takato quickly discovers that being a Digimon Tamer is not all fun and games—in reality, it's much more dangerous than the card games he's accustomed to. Wild Digimon have begun to appear all across Japan, causing rampages that result in chaos and mayhem. Armed with his Digivice, which can scan trading cards to strengthen Guilmon, Takato and his new partner set out to combat the rogue Digimon. They are tasked with protecting the world from Digimon attacks, whilst a mysterious organization determined to eliminate all Digimon and their Tamers lurks in the shadows... Medaka is a high school student. She wants to be a doctor, and she’s just transferred to Tanaka Private School on the recommendation of her parents. But she finds that his school looks a bit strange. For example, Pochi is such a smart student who always gets full marks, but he is a dog. And there are other classmates: Nekoko, a cat, who thinks of Pochi as a rival, Misa, a five-years-old girl. Of course, her home room teacher, Mr. Tanaka, is not normal. His face is ... A fish?! (Source: AnimeNfo) Taruto is a little cat who has just moved to a new city with her master's family. Taruto spends her days making friends and exploring her new home town. She also has a knack for getting herself into trouble. And it turns out that Taruto just might be a legendary magical princess. Almost none of Taruto’s friends believe that she can use magic or that she’s a princess, but Taruto is determined to prove it to them. But Taruto's magic is so unpredictable, you never know what's going to happen when she uses it. (Source: ANN) McDull is not the brightest kid on the block, but he continually tries to do his best and please his mother. Although it seems that he may not be destined for great things in life as his mother wishes, McDull never gives up. The story focuses on several tales about McDull and his childhood. This is told as a narrative reflection of a now adult McDull. These tales muddle up in imaginative uses of Cantonese and heaps of local Hong Kong culture. From tales about a turkey dinner to dreams of following in Lee Lai-shan's footsteps, McDull faces ebbs and flows with his demanding but devoted mother. (Source: Wikipedia) Mikami Inaba was fighting a person from another school on her school's rooftop. As they fought, her friend Haru appeared. Seeing Mikami distracted, the man charged at her, causing both of them to break the nearby rabbit cages & fall off the roof. As Mikami fell, she desperately grabbed the rabbit. Suddenly, a flash or pink light appeared. Mikami fused with the rabbit, and gained another personality, called Mimika. Now, Mikami only appears when various people threaten her and her friends. Otherwise, she takes on the form of Mimika. (Source: ANN) Jing may appear to be a young boy, but his remarkable skills make him one of the most feared thieves on the planet. Along with his feathered partner Kir, Jing travels from town to town, stealing anything of value regardless of the amount of security. But when he's in a pinch, he has one more trick up his sleeve: Kir bonds with Jing's right arm to perform the effectively deadly "Kir Royale" attack. And because of all this, Jing is infamously known by many as the "King of Bandits." A series of short animations that show different worlds and different characters. These episodes are designed to take the viewer into a psychological world of fantasy and mystery. (Source: ANN) Vandread Gekitouhen (Vandread Turbulence), similiar to Vandread Taidouhen, is an OVA summary of Vandread the Second Stage plus several extra scenes (Source: AniDB) Long ago, on an island called Altomare, there lived an old man and woman. One day, the couple found two small children lying on the shore, badly wounded. The couple took them in and took care of them, and the children quickly recovered. But then, the island was attacked by monsters. Within moments the island fell into the monsters' wrath. Next, before the old man and lady's eyes, the children who they had taken care of transformed into the Eon Pokemon, Latios and Latias. They called their family from the sky. They came, and carried a stone with them containing the power to force the monsters away. This gem was known as the "Soul Dew." Peace returned to the island; however, later in the present, a criminal duo—Zannâ and Rion—us seeking Latios and Latias in order to take control of the Soul Dew. Taking a short break in Altomare, Satoshi befriends Latias and is now dragged into the situation helping to save Altomare from becoming swallowed up by destruction again. (Source: ANN) UFO Princess Warukyure, aka UFO Princess Walkyrie is about a princess from outer space who accidentally crashes on earth, where Kazuto desperately tries to maintain the public bath of his grandfather. Due to circumstances, Kazuto receives part of princess Walkyrie's soul which forces her to stay there with him. But that's not the only problem ... because her soul lost strength, the princess transforms both mentally and physically into a little kid! (Source: AniDB) With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit). Seina Yamada is unlucky... so unlucky that when he stumbles upon a recruiter looking for his senpai Tenchi he gets taken instead. Forced into the Galaxy Police, his luck begins to change. A natural to randomly jumping near pirates, he is assigned his own decoy to draw out pirates. His luck brings him into the lives of four women who have a habit of cancelling out his bad luck, turning it into good. Armed with this luck, they pilot the most powerful ships in the Tenchi Universe to defeat the Da Ruma pirates. Now the only uncertainty is whether the sexy Amane Kaunaq, a former model turned into a GP detective, sturdy Kiriko Masaki, who has known Seina for years, the mysterious Ryoko Balta, a former pirate named after the legendary one, or the child-like Neju Na Melmas, a powerful 2000 year-old priestess, will win Seina. (Source: ANN, edited) 12-year-old Mitsuki Kouyama's dream to become a professional singer is shattered when she's diagnosed with throat cancer. If a tumor isn't horrific enough, how about being met by two angels of death shortly after? Meroko Yui and Takuto Kira, of the shinigami duo "Negi Ramen," inform Mitsuki that she has just one year left to live. Instead of getting discouraged, however, Mitsuki decides to make the most of her last year, and pursues her singing dream with a passion. Aided by Meroko and Takuto, Mitsuki finds success and failure, love and loss, and deals with her fate and other difficult subjects the best she can. Full Moon wo Sagashite is the story of a little girl who refuses to let something as insignificant as fate slow her down. In order to save a princess, Mantarou (Kid Muscle) and the gang must find a special ginseng. They are later joined by Kevin Mask. (Source: Wikipedia) Three short bonus shorts featured with the movie, featuring Lisa, Lorna and Souichi in events set just before where the movie takes off. These bonus shorts are done in comedic style, mainly with camera pans and zooms on still images. (Source: Wikipedia) Mido Ban and Amano Ginji are known as the Get Backers, retrievers with a success rate of 100%. Whatever is lost or stolen, they can definitely get it back. Despite their powerful abilities and enthusiastic behavior, Ban and Ginji are terminally broke no matter what they do simply because few people would actually desire to hire them. As a result, the pair of them tend to do dangerous jobs, often leading to unwanted re-encounters with their old (and dangerous) friends. VHS/DVD only episodes 21 and 26. Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex. The shorts feature the antics of the Tachikoma think tanks of Section 9 and usually involve plot points. The average short time is a little over a minute. After a stingy man eats some cherry seeds, a cherry tree grows on his head and he gets into a lot of trouble. Jigen tells the story of the gang's first meeting. Jigen, still a member of the Mafia, is hired to protect an ancient artifact - one that Lupin and Fujiko are both trying to steal. Meanwhile, Inspector Zenigata, then of the Japanese police force, has come to the U.S. on Fujiko's trail, and Ishikawa Goemon is searching for the lost treasure of his clan. (Source: ANN) Lupin steals an extraordinary gem from a Mediterranean party, only to be interrupted by Pycal, the trickster "magician" who had apparently died fighting Lupin early in his career. Pycal, now armed with real magical abilities, is determined to take revenge. (Source: ANN) A battle is about to begin in Tokyo: the Shaman Fight, a tournament held every five hundred years where shaman—those who can command spirits—confront each other in combat. The victor of this contest becomes the Shaman King and the only one who is able to contact and control the Great Spirit, allowing them to reshape the world as they please through its immense power. During a late night walk, Manta Oyamada runs into his classmate, the carefree You Asakura, who invites him to come stargazing with some friends, who, to Manta's horror, turn out to be ghosts from a local cemetery! However, the knowledge that Manta possesses—a rare sixth sense that allows Manta to see these spirits—endears the boy to You. So when You finds out that his new comrade has been beaten up by a local gang, he decides to avenge him with the help of Amidamaru, a samurai ghost whose tomb was broken by the gang leader. Soon Manta uncovers more about the world of spirits, including the Shaman Fight, in which his new friend You aims to claim victory. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) Fubuki Sakuragasaki is a powerful gamer who, with the power of her Passion Panties, climbs up the ranks of the BAG (Best of Arcade Gamer) tournament to become the greatest Arcade Gamer in the world. However, the evil Gulasic Group is out to conquer the world through said tournament, and their gaming skills will prove to be a challenge. Fubuki must team up with the legendary Mr. Mystery to combat the four Gods of Gaming and make the world of arcade gaming safe for all. (Source: ANN) Deijiko is the princess of the planet of Di Gi Charat. After reading a book, she is influenced to want to help everyone be happy. She leaves the castle and pretends to be a normal girl. She tries to make everyone happy by taking various jobs around the town and thereby making all sorts of new friends and inevitably, enemies. (Source: ANN) Kotaro was pretty much supposed to be your average boy, worried about the pressures of education while enjoying a simple life with his friends. Much to his despair, he one day finds the overly cheerful Misha at his door, asking to be friends out of nowhere. Even more shocking is that Misha is an apprentice angel, yet she does more bad then good. Along with Kotaro's school friends Takashi and Koboshi and the so called devil Shia (once again being able to do more good then bad), the group of friends spend their days getting into all sorts of adventures and troubles. Based on the manga by Koge-Donbo. At Saint Hoshikawa School there is a secret group called the G-On Riders. Students with superior strength and ability are chosen to be in the group, which was formed to fight against alien attacks on the earth. However, many of the problems that the members face are ones amongst themselves, and the same is true for the invaders. And another student at the school, Ichiro, tries desperately to confess his love to Yuki, one of the Riders. (Source: ANN) The Bladebreakers have to join forces once again because a mysterious group under the lead of Oozuma has defeated them, but the real enemy is not Oozuma. The real threath is formed by a group of people who use cyber-BitBeasts to capture the original ones from the Bladebreakers. (Source: ANN) The Bladebreakers are on a well deserved vacation. But, a hyperactive kid named Daichi continues to pursue Tyson for a rematch after his defeat in the Beyblade World Championships. The Bladebreakers' vacation eventually takes a turn for the worst once they encounter mysterious Beybladers who claim to be the Dark Spirits sealed inside a strange temple. With Daichi under their control, the Shadow Bladers seek to destroy the world with their Dark BitBeasts. Together, Tyson, Max, Ray, and Kai must save not only Daichi... but the world as well... (Source: ANN) The world of Duel Masters is one of five great civilizations. Through a card game, duelists can bring these worlds into existence, making what was previously abstract into reality. These skilled duelists are known as Kaijudo masters. Shobu Kirifuda is the best player at his local playground, and seeks to become a world-class master like his father. His first step on the road to conquest begins with winning a local tournament. Rather, it should have, except he is destroyed by the best Kaijudo master in the world, Knight. Shobu loses, but upon remembering the words of wisdom his father instilled into him, decides to continue on the road of becoming a duelist who can enjoy the game for what it is. And so begins his journey to victory－and as we all know, the journey is the most important part! Kyosuke Kano has lived under the shadow of his successful brother Seisuke all his life who is a professional soccer player. Tired of being compared and downgraded at, he abandoned playing soccer until a boy from his new highschool discovered him and asked him to join their team. Kyosuke joins it and befriends two other first year players named Rodrigo and Sakai with the dream of becomming professional soccer players themselves. (Source: ANN) Kinnikuman II Sei takes place several years after the events of the original Kinnikuman . Mantarou Kinniku is the 59th prince of Planet Kinniku and son of the renowned wrestler, King Suguru. Lazy, immature, and cowardly, Mantarou seems to have little in common with his heroic father. When a powerful group calling themselves the dMP threatens the Earth, only someone as powerful as Kinnikuman stands a chance against them. Not knowing the current whereabouts of the King, a plan is formed to have his son Mantarou take up the mantle. The idea of fighting super villains does not sit well with Mantarou, who initially runs away from his duty. He flees to Earth where he encounters Meat, his father’s old trainer. Despite Mantarou's shortcomings, Meat sees King Suguru in him, and believes he can set the prince on the right path. Thus begins Mantarou's journey to better himself and save the world. In the year of 20XX, a young boy by the name of Netto Hikari receives a very special gift as he enters the 5th grade. His very own customized net navi, Rockman! Despite Rockman's small size and far more responsible personality, the two boys quickly become the best of friends. A net navi is designed to guide his operator from the inside of his or her PErsonal Terminal, or simply PET for short. Children and adults alike enjoy friendly "Net Battles", where they spar their navis against each other to prove their worth. (Source: Official Site) 14th Anpanman movie. Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy. One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede. Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same... (Source: mirmo-zibang) 4-minute promo/pilot released with the Deluxe OVA, with a few events from the TV series in a different graphic style. Ayu is one of the coolest students at her school. She is smart, studious, sporty and has just the right amount of untouchable quality to make her a friend of everybody. Her male counterpart is Kaji-kun: warm, happy, friendly and a member of the baseball club. No wonder Ayu`s got a crush on him! One day, Ayu sees a new student, Nina, crying and looking for something. After Ayu helps her find it, Nina decides to show her gratitude in the best way she knows, magic! Nina turns out to be a student from the Magic Kingdom and is currently "studying aboard" in Ayu`s school! (Source: AniDB) Bonus episode that only appeared on the Grasshoppa! Vol. 2 DVD. (Source: Wikipedia) Keitaro has finally passed the entrance exams, and is officially a Toudai student. But after breaking his leg in an accident in the entrance ceremony, he thought and re-evaluated himself. Having new goals, Keitaro follows Seta on an overseas archeology trip. During his absence, however, all was not well in Hinata Lodge. Urashima Kanako, Keitaro's sister, arrives on the scene. She claims to be the new manager of Hinata Lodge starts to go against all the tenants. Things become even more complicated when they recieve a letter from Keitaro. The tenants and Kanako made a big mess trying to get the letter, but Seta's car crashes in before anyone could read the letter... Kusanagi Kei, a high-school student living with his aunt and uncle, has an encounter with a female alien. This alien is revealed to be a new teacher at his school. Later, he is forced to marry this alien to preserve her secrets. From there, various romantically-inclined problems crop up repeatedly. (Source: ANN) Iwaki Tomonori is an average 15-year-old boy who likes older women. He happens to have a crush on his teacher, but soon thereafter, learns she has become engaged. He heads home brokenhearted, only to find a 12-year-old girl named Rizel at his home, who he learns the Japanese government has married him to against his will. Furthermore, he learns Rizel is no ordinary girl; she is a biochemically engineered human, and her creators (her "papa"s, as they are often referred to) promise to waive multiple bills of Iwaki's parents in exchange to be allowed to stay at their house, and thus Iwaki's life with Rizel begins. Ace pilot Trava and his personal mechanic buddy Shinkai, on their way to mark an out-of-the-way planet, pick up Mikuru, a girl with no memory. The three are about to discover that the planet is more than it seems. (Source: ANN) Mitsuki wakes up late, and must rush to a photo shoot. However, in her hury she forgets to bring Takuto and Meroko along. Now they must catch up to her, before the photo shoot begins, despite everything that gets in their way. (Source: ANN) Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Megumi-chan is a girl with a secret past. She used to be a boy until she met a person she thought was a magic user. This person gave him/her a magical book from which a genie appears to grant one wish when blood is applied to it. Megumi made the wish to be a man in a man's body but the genie has a twist: he grants wishes backwards so he turns Megumi-kun aged 9 to Megumi-chan. Years pass and Megumi enters High School where she immediately beats up the school bully who of course falls in love with her. She is looking for that book again to be able to reverse the spell placed upon her. (Source: ANN) Young Ichiro Hanada lives with his parents and grandfather in a quiet rural town. He is a little brat who constantly teases his sister, insults his mother, fights with everybody, and eats a lot. Ichiro has a near-death experience when he is hit by a truck, and when he wakes up he can see and talk to spirits. The spirits of people who have just died but who cannot pass on yet seek him out. They have some unresolved issue in their lives that is holding them back, and Ichiro must help them out. Fresh from being transferred to the LAPD, Miyuki and Natsumi must investigate some unusual car theft incidents in their area. And when Miyuki's yellow 1973 Ford Mustang Mach 1 is "gone in 60 seconds" (literally), the situation gets more complicated when the thief turns out to be a former Japanese detective. (Source: ANN) Set four months after the resolution of the game the anime Wind is based on (via Hikari's ending), the entire gang is planning a big Christmas party. However, with the reappearance of Hikari, weird things start to happen in the city of Kazune. How will things turn out? (Source: AniDB) It's the year 2010 on the planet of cats, where lies Meguro City, a megalopolis entirely controlled by the super-corporation Catty & Co. The nefarious influence of this corporate empire extends malignantly across the feline galaxy. Tamala, a carefree, one-year-old kitten, decides to flee this cruel reality and boards her spaceship in search of her planet of origin. (Source: IMDb) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] High schoolers Sayaka Takai and Akihiko Kannazuki work together at a restaurant chain "Pia Carrot." Both are interested in each other, but before either could make a move Sayaka was temporarily rotated to the newly established branch at a beach resort. While waitress girls at this new location did their best to confront harassment, make new friends, and attract new customers by attending a beauty contest, Sayaka's feeling for Akihiko never stops and has become stronger and stronger. (Source: ANN) Forte suddenly asks for leave for the day, leaving the Angels, Ranpha in particular, thinking she's off for a date. Meanwhile, Forte meets up with an old acquaintance who wants to ask her opinion on a rather pressing matter of life and death. (Source: Wikipedia) Nana slacks off from studying by going to the shrine on New Year's day. Panic ensues when Nana discovers that the rest of the Nanas all show up at the same shrine. But things turn to worse when they find out that their New Year's money gets lost in the crowd. It didn't help their cause when they tried an inventive way to make more money. An 11-year old boy named Zen bands together with his younger sister, Karen, and a young boy who has a large appetite, Pitan, to battle an evil empire by using their "Foodons"; strange monsters that are created from various foods. (Source: ANN) Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities. (Source: ANN) New year special. Summary recap. This episode should be seen between episodes 12 and 13. Short animation of Shinbashi inluded in the DVD release. Luffy and his crew take on the Villain All-Stars in a game of soccer in order to become the Dream Soccer King. The game comes down to a pk tie-breaker shoot-out with Coby as goalie and Helmeppo refereeing. (Source: ANN) Laura tells Hamtaro where he came from yet Laura thinks it is not true, just in time for his birthday, Hamtaro sets out with Boss and Oxnard to visit his mother to see if what Laura said is true, while the other Ham-Hams set up a surprise birthday party for him. (Source: Wikipedia) Far away from our solar system there is a 3rd planet of another called Mangana. A Queen rules it with an iron fist. The first Prince, A-kun, is nothing but naughty kid and so the Queen gives him the task of invading Earth to prove his worth. A-kun comes in tow with his semi-forced attendants and hijinks ensue. After the events in the city, Haré and family come back to the Jungle. But it is never calm for Haré as he first must deal with an unstable substitute teacher, then with some big news: Weda is pregnant. The answer to how and who will change his family forever. Poor Haré, now has to deal with a father in addition to his drunk mother and Guu, and soon a sibling too. (Source: ANN) DVD-only specials released on the 6th and 7th discs that are sometimes considered episode 24, 25, and 26 as a whole. And episode 22, 23, and 24 chronologically. Hitotose Chitose was always alone and untrusting of people but when 5 female teachers appear and started living together with him in his family's house as his mothers, things started to change and pick up, together with Hazuki-nee and Minazuki (his 2 sisters) everyday is a lesson. (Source: ANN) The Doraemons, a group of culturally different versions of the Doraemon, gather to play a game of soccer. (Source: ANN)  Doraemon and friends travels into another world via the time machine; where humans and robots are living together. However they soon find out that the Empress of Robot Kingdom was trying to capture robots there and turn them emotionless. As the situation goes tense, our heroes sets out to stop the Empress and her plan. (Source: Wikipedia) Amika is a elementary school student who dreams of becoming an idol. Her grandmother is a harsh yet wealthy woman who lives on a remote island that she owns. When her grandmother passed away, Amika's life begins to appear subtle changes. Not long after the passing of her grandmother, Amika's mother gave birth to a baby girl. Ironically, Amika's little sister looks and behaves exactly like her grandmother. (Source: ANN) The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life. (Source: AniDB) As the relationship between Mahoro, Suguru and his classmates develops further, another android girl enters their lives and becomes attached to Mahoro. All the while, the number of days before Mahoro is to shut down decreases steadily. (Source: ANN) You wouldn't think that a hospital would be the setting for a series of erotic adventures, but when a new crop of nurses' aides reports for duty, they're confronted by an erotic lesson plan that pushes them to the brink of ecstasy... and sanity. If there's one word to describe Reiji Ozora, it would be "quitter." He can never find the motivation to finish anything, and loses interest at the drop of a hat. This all changes when his best friend Maiko introduces him to the new game "Dragon Drive." In this virtual reality game, each player is assigned a dragon tailored to match their personality and strength. Reiji hopes for a big, strong, scary beast, but instead, he is stuck with Chibi, a cute, friendly-looking dragon smaller than he is. How disappointing—except it turns out that Chibi is the rarest dragon of them all! Reiji finally discovers something he can remain interested in, and works hard to train both himself and his newfound friend. Soon this training will be put to use to save the world, for there are people who have dark aspirations for Dragon Drive! Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB) The five digi-destined children stumble upon an ancient island inhabited by two different types of digimon; The Beast types, and the Human types. When they see two young digimon-a beast and humanoid-have become friends, they decide something must be done about the feud. (Source: ANN) Locomon, a train digimon, has suddenly appeared in the real world. All the tamers scramble to stop the train before it reaches its final destination: the portal into the Digital world. (Source: ANN) Childhood friends Arumi and Sasshi are residents of the Abenobashi commercial district in Abeno-ku, Osaka. After an accident, they find themselves transported to an alternate sword and sorcery world. Their attempt to get back to reality finds them traversing a series of nonsensical worlds built on science fiction, war, fantasy, dating sim games and American movies. Each alternate Abenobashi is a surreal manifestation of Sasshi's otaku interests, populated by analogs of the protagonist's relatives and acquaintances and a blue-haired stranger known as Eutus. (Source: Wikipedia) One day, a strange monkey with a golden helmet drains out the insides of another monkey by kissing him. Hikaru, Spike's brother,  goes out on an adventure to find this strange monkey. He soon befriends the monkeys and runs forward. But it isn't easy when every boss from the former games tries to block his path... The monkeys are up to no good again, but this time they're on the "heroes" side. Performing no good magic shows, cloning themselves with a ninja Jutsu and filling UFO catchers with themselves are just a few of the tricks they're pulling, while at the same time trying to adapt themselves to the human lifestyle. Macross chibi special included on Macross 20th Anniversary Premium Collection DVD. Oomura Takeshi is one unlucky fellow. He has has this case of bad luck ever since he was little. One day, while on his normal runs with bad luck, he meets an Angel named Elle, and he finds out that his father wished the curse of bad luck upon him. Takeshi has the oppurtunity to pass on the curse, but accepts it to save a young girl. For his noble act, Elle becomes human and lives with Takeshi to protect him from the curse, which is something Takeshi isn't particularly happy with. (Source: ANN) Four years into the future, the world has lost its balance... 10 thousand metres of vast woodland is gone, preventing humans to live and leaving a desert to spread endlessly. And so, they head into the world of Meshichi, to live together with the Anbots. As if guided by fate, Sanzou and Gokyuu meet. Traveling together, Sanzou - a young man shrouded in mystery, Gokyuu - the strongest and worst Anbot around, Tongoh - an Anbot fond of drinking, Jou - someone who is great with machines, Suuji - a female Anbot thief, and last but not least, Mioto. And so, their journey begins to the boundless East, to the land where the sun was born! (Source: AnimeNfo) Princess Tutu recaps. Petite Princess Yucie follows the adventures of country-girl Yucie as she is admitted by chance to the prestigious Princess Academy, where the daughters of royalty and nobles attend to learn magic, dance, etiquette, defense, art and music. There, she experiences many things in her quest to collect the "fragments" of the Eternal Tiara in hopes that she may become the legendary Platinum Princess, who is chosen every 1,000 years. Yucie, along with the four other Princess candidates who are initially her rivals but are won over by her offer of friendship, must grow in heart--if not in height--to become worthy of the Tiara. Yucie is a spunky heroine who is a genius of smiles, and who, despite her common lifestyle, is actually the daughter of a noble and former hero who has retreated from courtly life and lives in the countryside. (Source: Wikipedia) Insecure Ai Shiomi begins attending the prestigous Psychic Academy for psychically gifted students, following in the footsteps of his legendary older brother. (Source: ANN) Hal and Bons are a pair of beer drinking slacker dogs. They are joined on their sofa by an anthropomorphic rice cake by the name of Mochi who first interviews them and then decides to give up being an interviewer and move in with them instead. Hal and Bons have mixed feelings about this turn of events - Mochi tastes great but he's rather lacking in social skills and he's starting to smell... (Source: ANN) Hana now becomes a peer of the Ojamajo. When Majotourbillon's spirit revives, the witches now have to break her curse. From the help from Pao-chan, Doremi, Hana, and the other witches are able to defeat the curses. (Source: ANN) Shin-chan and his family travel to Samurai's Era by accident and try to save the Princess' city by helping in the war. After winning domestic preliminary round, Lisa, Lorna, and Soichi advance to ex-Driver world race competition held in Los Angeles as representative team from Japan. Like a bad omen, they encountered a reckless AI car the first night they arrived at Los Angeles. Although they successfully stopped the car, the local police department is not very happy about that and insists to examine their car overnight. However, the problem did not stop just there. The daughter of the United States team`s sponsor, Angela, has gone missing. Lorna realized that Angela was on the reckless AI car before. Soichi who guessed that Angel could be in danger then start looking for her. But Soichi got captured by a mysterious man, and he shocked to find Angela is also there. During the confinement inside a warehouse, Soichi finds out that apparently there is a connection between the series of incident and illegal gambling on the ex-Driver world race competition. Now Soichi must escape from the warehouse with Angela... (Source: AniDB) Makoto and Yura Onoda are a newly-wed couple with zero sexual experience. Yura is a shy and naive 25-year-old woman whose good looks grab men's attention, something that she dislikes because she gets embarrassed very easily. Her husband Makoto is of the same age, but as opposed to his wife, he loves having dirty thoughts about other women. Physically though, Makoto is truly faithful to Yura. Both of them may be virgins, but now that they are married, they are ready to dive into the world of sex, "practicing" as often as possible. However, the world of sex is complex, so they need all the help they can get to find their way through it. Thankfully, their friends, acquaintances, and porn media lend them a helping hand. In the year 1600, at the fog-covered battlefield of Sekigahara, a fierce battle was waged by two exemplary swordsmen. One was Kyoushirou Mibu, a skilled and noble warrior in possession of the unique powers of the Mibu Clan. The other was the thousand-man slayer, with eyes and hair the color of blood, "Demon Eyes" Kyou. Their legendary clash was cut short when a meteor from the heavens fell down upon that battlefield, leaving both to vanish in its wake. Samurai Deeper Kyou begins four years after that battle, when a gun-wielding bounty hunter by the name of Yuya Shiina hunts down Kyoushirou—now a perverted, traveling medicine-man who has built up a large debt. On her way to claim his bounty, they are attacked by an inhuman monster that seeks to devour Kyoushirou. This encounter awakens "Demon Eyes" Kyou, whose mind has been trapped inside of Kyoushirou's body ever since that fateful battle. Thus begins a grand tale of legendary two swordsmen and the discovery of their secrets. Kubota Makoto and Tokitoh Minoru (characters from Kazuya Minekura's manga Wild Adaptor—though no reference is made to the darker storyline of WA in this light-hearted anime)—are the muscle of their high school's all-powerful student council. They defend the student body from disorder—generated by both humans and demons—while avoiding their classes. (Source: ANN) Kei and Mizuho are having some marital difficulties, and Mizuho's family decides it's high time for a visit. (Source: ANN) The crew comes upon Crown Island where the animals can talk and they makes Chopper their new king. But there are human hunters there also looking for the legendary horns that will give the person who consumes it immense power. Luffy and friends must stop them from destroying this animal kingdom. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and some of the other pokemon camp out in the woods and help the Pichu brothers get on the train. Mahoromatic Season 2 Special. Kaoru Hanabishi, a college student who lives alone, met a beautiful but bewildered girl dressed in a kimono at a train station. He volunteered to guide her way to the address she was looking for, which happened to be in his neighborhood, but turned out to be an empty lot. Not knowing what to do next, Kaoru invited the devastated girl to his apartment and asked for any additional clues to her destination. She supplied him with a photo of two children whom Kauru immediately identified as himself and Aoi Sakuraba, his childhood friend. It turned out that the girl in front of him is Aoi Sakuraba herself, his betrothed fiancee who came all the way to Tokyo to marry him. Her revelation was not only surprising but also reminded the deepest part of Kaoru's memory for why he left the Hanabishi family in the first place. Hamazaki Densuke (Hama-chan) is an unavaricious white-collar worker who does not have any interest in success and self-protection. Even though he incurs the wrath of his superior and stir ill feelings from his wife, Hama-chan prefers to take things at his own stride and goes fishing. He feels that there are more important things in life than work and enjoys the simple things in life such as fishing. (Source: ANN) Koron Nemuta is a girl who yawns when embrassed. One day, she found a vase when she was lost. When she yawns, the genie Akubi will come out of it, but, when she yawns again, Akubi will come back into the vase. (Source: ANN) When computers start to look like humans, can love remain the same? Hideki Motosuwa is a young country boy who is studying hard to get into college. Coming from a poor background, he can barely afford the expenses, let alone the newest fad: Persocoms, personal computers that look exactly like human beings. One evening while walking home, he finds an abandoned Persocom. After taking her home and managing to activate her, she seems to be defective, as she can only say one word, "Chii," which eventually becomes her name. Unlike other Persocoms, however, Chii cannot download information onto her hard drive, so Hideki decides to teach her about the world the old-fashioned way, while studying for his college entrance exams at the same time. Along with his friends, Hideki tries to unravel the mystery of Chii, who may be a "Chobit," an urban legend about special units that have real human emotions and thoughts, and love toward their owner. But can romance flourish between a Persocom and a human? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ungrar, the King of Viruses, has escaped from his prison cell in Vaccine World. Maya, the Goddess of Vaccine World sends Mugimaru down to Earth to find a human to accept the powers of Vaccine World and become the Magical Nurse. He finds the best (and the only willing) person for the job when he meets Komugi Nakahara. Komugi is a playful, lazy, and easily distracted (typical) teenager whose dream is to become a cosplay idol. Balancing her career with the Kiri-Pro Promotion Company and her new job battling Ungrar's loyal henchman, the Magical Maid Koyori, Komugi delights audiences in this parody anime series. (Source: ANN) Nana Suzuki winds up being split into seven copies of herself. Besides the original Nana, there's also a smart Nana, a happy Nana, an angry Nana, a sensitive Nana, a sad Nana, and a slow Nana. (Source: ANN) In the far future, the human race advanced to space, and prospered. However, Jikushin ( earthquake of time and space ) which occurred suddenly intercepted all networks, and all the civilizations were reset. However, the human race begins to revive, and enters the prosperity age of The Second by the Transvaal imperial country which rises at the center of the galactic system. The science and technology before the civilization was reset, that is, "Lost Technology" was considered to be god`s task. And, it came to be worshiped by the priest who was called "Tsuki no miko". On the other hand, a certain guard fleet was stationed in the frontier of the galactic system. Though it was the seemingly perfectly ordinary army, the team composed only of the woman called "Angel Corps" existed in this army. They controlled the spaceship which was called "Angel Frame" which was the relic of Lost Technology. And, they collected the lost technology by using the angel frame, and carried out the duties to manage them. They were not the elite pilots, but Angel Corps was rather an eccentric person`s group. Arms mania`s Forte, costume player`s Mint, taciturn Vanilla, showy Ranpha and Milfeulle who likes cooking ... Every time, they cause a big trouble in the mission. (Source: AniDB) Their mission is to locate and retrieve the mysterious Lost Technology, even though these girls have never been known to stick to their mission. Milfeulle, Forte, Ranpha, Mint, and Vanilla are back for another round of hilarity. The Galaxy Angels have sworn to protect the galaxy one planet at a time. Now with some competition with the newly-formed Twin Star Brigade, they continue to find themselves in the center of chaos... though usually they're the ones at fault for its cause. (Source: ANN) Chiyo Mihama begins her high school career as one of the strangest students in her freshman class—a tiny, 10-year-old academic prodigy with a fondness for plush dolls and homemade cooking. But her homeroom teacher, Yukari Tanizaki, is the kind of person who would hijack a student's bike to avoid being late, so "strange" is a relative word. There certainly isn't a shortage of peculiar girls in Yukari-sensei's homeroom class. Accompanying Chiyo are students like Tomo Takino, an energetic tomboy with more enthusiasm than brains; Koyomi Mizuhara, Tomo's best friend whose temper has a fuse shorter than Chiyo; and Sakaki, a tall, athletic beauty whose intimidating looks hide a gentle personality and a painful obsession with cats. In addition, transfer student Ayumu Kasuga, a girl with her head stuck in the clouds, fits right in with the rest of the girls—and she has a few interesting theories about Chiyo's pigtails! Together, this lovable group of girls experience the ups and downs of school life, their many adventures filled with constant laughter, surreal absurdity, and occasionally even touching commentary on the bittersweet, temporal nature of high school. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kaoru and the girls have a picnic in Spring and talk about their dreams for the future. Episodes 5.5 and 13. The story of Tokyo Mew Mew begins when the main protagonist, Ichigo Momomiya, attends an endangered species exhibit with her crush (and hopefully future boyfriend) Masaya Aoyama. Their peaceful day takes a turn towards drastic when an earthquake strikes and Ichigo, as well as four other girls, are enveloped in a mysterious light. The next day, Ichigo begins to behave like a cat and learns from two scientists that her DNA has been combined with that of an iriomote cat as part of Project μ, which aims to protect the world from alien invaders! Aliens have come to reclaim Earth in the name of their ancestors who inhabited the planet three million years ago. To get rid of the humans now inhabiting the planet, the aliens have released parasites that infect animals and turn them into monsters. With the DNA of the iriomote cat now inside her, Ichigo can transform into Mew Ichigo and use her powers to fight off the invaders. Ichigo will not have to fight alone, as the four other Mew Mews take to the stage and join in the battle to protect Earth. Equipped with cutting-edge weaponry and specialized troops, a private military organization named Mithril strives to extinguish the world's terrorism and all threats to peace on earth. The organization is powered by the "Whispered," individuals who possess intuitive knowledge and the remarkable ability to create powerful devices and machinery. Seventeen-year-old Sousuke Sagara, a sergeant working for Mithril, has been assigned to protect Kaname Chidori, a Whispered candidate. He is ordered to join her high school class and be as close to her as possible to prevent her from falling into enemy hands—that is, if he can safely blend in with their fellow classmates without revealing his true identity. Sousuke, who was raised on a battlefield and has very little knowledge of an average high school student's lifestyle, must adapt to a normal school life to safeguard Kaname. However, enemy forces have already begun making their move, and Sousuke is about to find out that the adversary coming for the Whispered girl may be a lot more familiar than he expects. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite] Lately, Hamtaro has been having a strange dream. In the dream, a beautiful princess hamster tearfully asks for help. Hamtaro can’t forget about her, even when he’s awake. One winter day, Laura talks to Hamtaro. She tells him that everyone in the family is going home to her father’s hometown. When Hamtaro tells his friends about it, Maxwell pulls out a Ham-Ham source book. It’s a book on old hamster history. According to the book, there is a “homeland” for hamsters called “Hamja Kingdom”. When the Ham-Hams build a sand castle and recite a spell exactly the way it is written in the book, they are whooshed to the Kingdom. When at last the hamsters reach the bustling Hamja Kingdom of hamsters, the popular King Hamja, the Mini-Hams that they’ve met before in Ham-Ham Land, and many jar spirits called the Mo-Hams appear. A parade begins merrily with singing and dancing! But, the bad magic cat “Sabakunya” appears suddenly, riding the giant sheep monster “Mee Mee”, and starts to trample the town. What a disaster! The Ham-Hams flee underground. The Ham-Hams are told of the state of the Kingdom and find that Sabakunya has snatched the King’s daughter, Princess Shera, and is pressing her into marriage on the Kingdom’s Founding Day. Sabakunya is trying to take over the country. Something clicks in Hamtaro’s mind. Princess Shera is without a doubt the princess who appeared in his dreams! Hamtaro wants very much to run to the castle where Sabakunya is, and so he and the Ham-Hams enter the castle. In the castle, they encounter danger after danger, and Hamtaro, pursued by Sabakunya’s henchmen, is separated from others. Special bundled with the DVDs. Please note that this entry doesn't include any of the official AMVs, as those don't contain any new animation. Deep Space, many different cultures have come together to live on planet Jet. To keep the peace an organization known as the Jetters is formed. This space police group fight against the villains known as the "Hige hige dan" making sure that the universe is safe. The leader of the Jetters Mighty is a powerful Bomberman, who is looked up to and respected....his brother however is a lazy crude slacker named Shirobon. Suddenly Mighty disappears and Shiro finds himself placed in a new situation. Shiro steps up and become a responsible Bomberman, and with the new friends he made of the Jetters it may become possible for him to be the next "Jetters leader." (Source: ANN) A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic. (Source: ANN) The year is now 2041 AD. A new enemy called Zeravire suddenly appears in the solar system, destroying all military installations it comes across. However, a wealthy man named Klein Sandman is already aware of this planned invasion and had been secretly preparing his army for battle. His trump card is Gravion, a giant robot that utilizes gravity as its source of energy. Meanwhile a young man named Eiji secretly enters Sandman's base in search for his missing sister. It is there that he meets another young man by the name of Toga... These two must now fight together with four other individuals aboard the super robot, Gravion to fend off the Zeravire threat. (Source: ANN) Kazuki Mai, an elementary schoolgirl, wanted to be a magician but her skills weren't good enough for here to join her grandparents' Magiccarat troupe. One day she sees a light enter a strange heart-shaped mirror. The light is actually a mirror fairy named Topo, who takes over her favourite stuffed toy, a flying squirrel and gives her a bracelet with the 4 card suits. The bracelet can turn into a bubble wand which transforms Mai into the 18 year old magician Magical Emi, who uses her magic to help people and participate in her grandparents' shows. Hanaoka high school is an all girls' school, and the girls were pretty excited when they heard that boys were admitted into their high school. Smart and elegant boys, that's in their fantasy. However, in reality, the boys who were actually admitted are from the countryside and not smart at all, leave alone being elegant. And in fact, two of them are dirty perverts... Mecha series based on Takara's videogames. Mao Onigawara is a happy 8-year-old grade-schooler and the granddaughter of Chief of Staff of Ground Defense Force. Equipped with her cloverleaf-shaped badge which enables her to transform (but gives her no special power whatsoever), Mao and her best friends (granddaughters of Chief of Staff of Air and Marine Defense Force, respectively) will defend Japan against the invasion from "cute aliens," who are way too cute to be dealt with regular armed forces. (Source: ANN) Meet Chako and her friends from the Cosplay Association at East Oizuki Academy! They're the hottest new cosplay team in Japan...fresh from a winning streak of local battles, they're set to sweep the Cosplay World Series! Yeah, right. In reality, Chako and her friends are barely able to keep their club alive at all. Feeble club membership and a lack of sponsorship might be the end of their cosplay dreams before they can even start. But don't you dare underestimate this group of spunky girls! They'll survive a barrage of pervy newcomers, cosplay rivalries, costume disasters and dating mishaps in order to reach their ultimate goal of competing in the World Series. The clothing flies as the girls suit up (and strip down) for Cosplay Complex! (Source: DVD Back Cover) When Saga—now 15 years old—arrives at her home after a day of errands, her grandmother Regina discovers an old dress in the attic. At this point, Saga recalls the time her elementary class participated in a play titled "Princess and Fairy." She volunteered to play the role of the Princess while her rival Greta played the evil witch. The production of the school play reminded Sugar and the other fairies of the time "The Bear Pianist" played in the town not too long ago. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Bobobo is a man with the incredible power of hearing the voices of hair and using his own to fight. He uses his power to fight off the Margarita Empire and all of Emperor Tsuru Tsurulina's minions who are stealing the hair off of anyone they find to power up their emperor. (Source: ANN) Set in the Meiji era, Kidou Shinsengumi Moeyo Ken tells the story of Kondou Yuuko, Hijikata Toshie and Okita Kaoru. These three are the daughters of former Shinsengumi members and, in the same fashion as their fathers were, they get called upon to protect Japan from its current problems. Much of their work deals with vanquishing the mysterious paranormal phenomena springing up ever more frequently in the Kyoto area and defending the city from any other dangers that may arise. Five years ago, while battling an alien force known as the "Mimesis," Dannar pilot Goh Saruwatari first met Anna Aoi. Today, on the day of their wedding, the ceremony is interrupted when the Mimesis strike again. As Goh struggles in his battle against the alien threat, Anna stumbles upon a top secret robot known as the "Neo-Okusaer" and uses it as a last-resort to save her fiancee. At that moment, Dannar and Neo-Okusaer merge to become the mighty robot "Godannar." (Source: ANN) This is the 6th Movie. Satoshi, Haruka, Takeshi, and Masato come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary pokemon, Jirachi, decends from the heavens and befriends Masato. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers (Source: ANN) Valkyrie, Kazuto, Akina, Hydra, and friends are back for more when the Key of time suddenly appears along with many other mysterious happenings. All seemed to be linked to a person named "Valkyrie Ghost" whose only goal is stealing Kazuto for herself. As they team up against this seeming unbeatable foe they dig deeper into the mysterious past of Valkyrie's home planet, Valhalla. (Source: ANN) The queen of planet Valhalla arrives on Earth with a virtual-world-program, called "bride training boot camp". They built several pairs which have to take a random card with a special situation that might occur if you are married. For instance Kazuto and Valkyrie have to make dinner, Raine and Kazuto's sister have to manage poverty or Akina and Hydra have to prepare a wedding ceremony as bride and groom (so everyone gets the most unlikely and unsuitable situation). (Source: ANN) With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit). Takashi Kamiyama is your typical mild-mannered high school student—polite, aloof, and pacifistic, with a slightly above-average IQ. But would your average high school student really enroll himself at the infamous Cromartie High School, known as a breeding ground for the toughest delinquents out there? Apparently so, as that is exactly what Takashi does, though for reasons he'd rather leave unmentioned. However, one thing is for sure: the "hard-boiled rabbit in a den full of hungry lions" is never going to have another dull day. And how could he, now that he's surrounded by mohawked punks, obnoxious robots, and... gorillas? And was that Freddie Mercury riding a horse down the corridor? Follow Takashi as he earnestly dedicates his new high school life to better his school's reputation while his classmates are hellbent on wreaking havoc. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A 45-minute recap episode of the first season, narrated by Sanada-san. Ruby is an Aurora Girl who makes northern lights together with her kind. She is banished from Aurora no kuni (Aurora Land) because of her selfishness and horrible behaviour, and she is told to find a stone called Aurora no Shizuku that can grant three wishes. That way she will be forgiven. Ruby meets Anpanman and lies to him that she needs the stone to rescue her land. But when Baikinman is also interested in getting the three wishes, Ruby is torn between the choice of helping her new friends or being able to return to Aurora no kuni. (Source: ANN) A special episode included in the DVDs. It tells how Takamura started boxing. Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor. A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Galaxy Angel 3 TV special that contains 2 stories. Hideo Ozu is an editor in a shady adult video company. For years, he has dreamed of being a motion picture director while his childhood friend Mai Kurosawa has become an upcoming actress. Then one day, his dreams are shattered when Mai takes all of his amateur videos of her and tells him to get out of her life. On his way home after a few drinks, Hideo bumps into Cyberdoll Sara, who makes him mark an invoice. When he arrives at his pad, Hideo is greeted by three Cyberdolls - Mai, Ai and Mie. All three of them happen to look like different age variations of Mai Kurosawa. And when Kurosawa announces the release of a biography video of her using Hideo's old footage, Hideo decides to start his directing dreams over again using his three Cyberdolls. (Source: ANN) The story opens on Pirate Zap's ship, where two of his crew, Bonnie and Max, are tired and want to escape, but unfortunately they have no money. Three children were being held captive on the ship overhear them. The eldest, Amanda, who's father was a pro treasure hunter, knows the whereabouts of a great treasure, and offers them a deal. If they help them make a clean escape, they could take all the treasure they wanted. They agree, and the five of them barely escape and make it onto a small island where they meet Luffy and his crew. Unfortunately they were pursued and Luffy and Amanda are captured and brought back to their boss, the head of the Bayan Pirates, who is also after the treasure. Now Luffy and the others must battle the Bayan pirates and find the treasure that Amanda's father had left for his children. Amanda, who has always resented adventure and treasure because her father was constantly gone in search for it, finally understands his feelings. (Source: ANN) For many years, Ex-Marine Lieutenant Randolph and his troupe have put on a play aboard his ship. Having lost his family to pirates, Randolph wishes to put on plays that will give courage to those who have also lost their loved ones to pirates. Unfortunately, Randolph must retire soon, and he is now giving his last performance. Luffy and his crew come to see the play, and somehow manage to take part in it themselves. But from Randolph's past comes a vengeful subordinate with a diabolical plan who has finally become commander in order to capture Randolph. Luffy and his nakama now must prove to the people that not all pirates are scum, and protect Randolph's final farewell performance from the bitter commander. (aired after Episode 174) (Source: ANN) DVD only episode. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Priest Genjo Sanzo and companions Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku maintain their westward journey to stop the resurrection of the demon Gyoumao. As the reputation of the Sanzo Ikkou precedes them, they continue to fight demon assassins at every turn, but they must also deal with increasing tensions within their group in order to defeat a powerful enemy. (Source: ANN) A DVD recap episode of the Chobits TV series. Kanenone Gakuen is an all-male boarding school located in the countryside of Japan. Although an all-male school is nothing new, life can become quite difficult when there are no female students for miles around. In order to help the psychological health of everyone involved, the school board has decided to try and merge with the nearest all-girl boarding school in order to become co-ed. The boys of Kanenone are more than thrilled at the prospect, and the girls are curious as to how interesting school life might become if there were more boys around. Before any serious decisions are made, the girls have been invited to stay at Kanenone for one month as a test. Green Green follows Yuusuke Takazaki and his naughty room mates called the Baka (Idiot) Trio, and their ability to talk to the girls without making complete fools of themselves. But as soon as the school bus with the girls arrives, things become weird, hormonal, and hysterical. In particular, a girl named Midori Chitose leaps off the bus and immediately embraces a very confused Yuusuke. Is he a natural ladies' man, or do the two of them have a shared history that he is not aware of? 12-year-old Shindou Hikaru is just your average 6th grader. One day, while searching through his grandfather's attic, he comes across an old Go board. Upon touching the Go board, Hikaru is possessed by the spirit of Fujiwara no Sai, and continues to be haunted by him soon after. Sai was once a great Go player, who committed suicide and continued to stay in the world as a spirit desiring only to play Go once again. Finally bending to Sai's pleas, Hikaru allows Sai to play Go through himself, unknowingly attempting the first game with the young prodigy Touya Akira. Time has finally started moving, as Sai's quest for the perfect game, "The Hand of God", is set underway. Based on the manga by Yumi Hotta and Takeshi Obata. Mouri Kogoro is called to a special case in the ancient capital of Kyoto. There, Conan meets Heiji and they team up once again to solve the case, recover the stolen Healing Buddha statue, and even discover the identity of Heiji's first love. (Source: ANN) After robbing a Moscow casino right under Zenigata's nose, Lupin sets his sights on stealing the Trick Diamond. He and Jigen head to the estate of the recently deceased Mark Williams, another master thief who's had the diamond, as well as other treasures, in his possession for years. However, instead of finding the diamond, Lupin & Jigen find Fujiko, who tells them about Mark's dying wish - Lupin must return all the treasures the old thief stole to their rightful place. If this is done in time, the location of the diamond will be revealed, and Lupin can use it to get the real treasure, hidden in Gaudí's Sagrada Familia. Returning the stolen goods isn't easy though, as Zenigata and the casino boss' ruthless gang are on Lupin and friends' tail. (Source: ANN) An hour long OVA summarizing the plot of the original Onegai Teacher series. Also bundled with the BD box release of Onegai Teacher. Somewhere in the MMORPG called "The World," a group is gathered at a pub, awaiting the start of an event. There, old friends and acquaintances are reunited, including those who rarely log on. Some are even forging new relationships for the first time. Together, invited by the hacker Helba, the group leaves for the event in the Net Slums where a celebration awaits them all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yorang, a fox who lives in heaven and has important responsibilities, would rather play tricks on others and seek fun all day. One day, heaven holds a festival for the completion of the "Book of Wishes," a prestigious work that can help remove the black fox's seal. During this festival, Yo-rang, who is very mischievous, throws away the valuable book. Heaven is threatened by the black fox's bad magic. Yo-rang, responsible for the debacle, searches for the book and meets a boy named "Kang-hyun," who loses his mother at an early age and moves to the Fox Village from Seoul, with his father. Kang-hyun and Yo-rang look for the book together. But the black fox tries to ruin their plan, and Kang-hyun and Yo-rang encounter all kinds of hardship. In the end, they develop a strong friendship. (Source: Arirang TV) Although traumatized by witnessing the murder of his parents by one of the Choushuu, Ichimura Tetsunosuke's thirst for revenge lead him to desire strength. At the age of 15, Tetsunosuke approached the Shinsengumi, wanting to become one of its members. However, Tetsunosuke lacked the skill, mind and will to emotionlessly cut down whoever threatened peace and the Shinsengumi. Even with the support of his brother Tatsunosuke and his newfound friends of the Shinsengumi, little did Tetsunosuke know the blood and pain he would have to face being part of this historical group. A talking dog is a beautiful story that you should have dreamt of as a child. But if you have forgotten about it, this is a reminder of that fable story. This is the story of a dog that talks, but ordinary people cannot hear his voice. The main character, Mametaro, is an adventurous crossbreed dog. He loves his owner, Iku-chan and his girlfriend Hanako-chan very much. However, he just cannot stand Iku-chan's friend, Akiyoshi. During this story, which will be told from Mametaro's point of view, the warm days of spring are finally here. The school and the riverbank, which is actually just an ordinary neighborhood for people, seems like a mysterious world that extends infinitely to little Mametaro and his friends. (Source: AniDB) After keeping their BitBeasts out of harm's way, a new world championship tournament is announced, but the defending champions can't all be on the same team. Their friendship will be tested and tried as each Bladebreaker goes on a quest to prove why they are the best Beyblader around. Tyson, Max, Ray, Kai, and newcomer Daichi, must keep up their winning ways...even if they must face each other. But, after the tournament is over, what awaits them is an old foe, Boris, taking over the BBA and transforming it into BEGA, the Beyblade Entertainment Global Association. To save Beybladers of the entire world from BEGA's corruption, the Bladebreakers must reunite once again... (Source: ANN) Pacifica Casull is the most feared and hated person by the followers of the God Mauser. Known as the Scrapped Princess, she is the poison that will destroy the world. To avoid being killed by the zealots of Mauser, Pacifica and her adoptive brother and sister leave the village of Manhurin. Her brother, Shannon, is an expert with the sword while Racquel is proficient with magic. At every step of the way, however, someone is constantly trying to kill Pacifica, hoping to somehow avert the catastrophe that is supposed to befall the world on her 16th birthday. (Source: ANN) These are DVD specials, which include some extra footage and music videos; Character DVD #1 - Midori & Reika Character DVD #1 - Midori Music Video Character DVD #1 - Reika Music Video Character DVD #2 - Futaba & Chigusa Character DVD #2 - Futaba Music Video Character DVD #2 - Chigusa Music Video Character DVD #3 - Sanae & Wakaba Character DVD #3 - Sanae Music Video Character DVD #3 - Wakaba Music Video Di Gi Charat (a.k.a. Dejiko) - along with Petit Charat (a.k.a. Puchiko) and Gema - travels to Earth as part of her training to become a full-fledged princess. They crash on a small town in Japan, where they meet the Omocha brothers (who spend most of their time thinking how cute Puchiko is) and Mr. & Mrs. Ankoro (an elderly couple that makes Japanese sweets). (Source: ANN) In the year of 20XX, a young boy by the name of Netto Hikari receives a very special gift as he enters the 5th grade. His very own customized net navi, Rockman! Despite Rockman's small size and far more responsible personality, the two boys quickly become the best of friends. A net navi is designed to guide his operator from the inside of his or her PErsonal Terminal, or simply PET for short. Children and adults alike enjoy friendly "Net Battles", where they spar their navis against each other to prove their worth. (Source: Official Site) Leave it to Piyoko! Move over, Di Gi Charat! Piyoko and the Black Gema Gema Gang star in this new OVA series. From the Planet Analogue to Earth, the Black Gema Gema Gang try to kidnap Dejiko and hold her ransom to find their dream of a prosperous home! (Source: AniDB) Hideo Middle School eighth-grader Ayu Tateishi, as a member of the tennis club, is of course a cool girl who is popular among the girls in the school. Actually, she's an ordinary girl pretending to be cool, because Kaji-kun of the baseball team likes her. She is adored by the transfer student Nina Sakura. Nina actually has a huge secret?! Because she is a young witch who transferred from the magic kingdom. She's a real witch which a magic computer and a magical treasure box. But this magic always causes big problems!! Now back to the boys. Of course there's Tetsushi Kaji, the up-and-coming ace of the baseball team, who is very popular among the girls, and his best friend, the calm and quiet member of the tennis club, Hiroki Tsujiai, and many others. This story is a school love comedy set at Hideo Middle School, starring the cool beauty Ayu, the young witch Nina, the baseball team's Kaji-kun, and the tennis team's Tsujiai-kun. Also, there are original characters that Yoshizumi-sensei designed specifically for the anime, so please look forward to it! (Source: AnimeNfo) Back on Sonic's home planet, Eggman has collected all 7 of the Chaos Emeralds, and is about to have absolute power when Sonic interferes, causing an explosion that sends everyone from their world to Earth. Sonic and his friends team up with 12 year old Christopher Thorndyke to collect all the Chaos Emeralds and defeat the evil Dr. Eggman. (Source: ANN) The Galaxy Federation Police (GFP) desperately wants to cover-up its personnel shortage with new mechanized power-suits. Suzuo, 19-years old, desperately needs a job. Tampopo needs an earthling to fit the prototype of her company's suit and declares Suzuo the perfect candidate! Strong competitors and the wacky A-class criminals fight against our hero in diapers, but they must not recognize each other out of costume or the test results will be a failure- but it's OK if they all live in the same apartment building to save money, right? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) In the world of Maburaho , everyone is born with the ability to use magic and are thus labeled magicians. However, the magical ability of each person is not equal. The number of times you can use magic determines the amount of respect you receive, and since one’s magical power is determined at birth by traits and genetics, those who have a bloodline stemming from famous magicians are highly sought after. Having the lowest magic count in Aoi Academy, Kazuki Shikimori is looked down upon by his classmates and seen as a nearly worthless magician. However, his bloodline consists of many great magicians throughout the ages, meaning that while he may not be a great magician, his offspring could be. This leads to him being sought after by three different young women: Yuna Miyama, a transfer student who declares herself his wife upon arrival, Rin Kamishiro, a prideful swordswoman of a traditional family who wants to kill him so she will be free to pursue her own desires, and Kuriko Kazetsubaki, a member of an influential family who bluntly tries to seduce him for his genes. Now he has to deal with not only the jealousy of all the guys in his school, but also various women chasing after him! Maiku Kamishiro's past has always been somewhat of a mystery to him. The only clue he has to who his family might be is an old photograph showing two young children, a boy and a girl, playing in a small pool outside of a blue house. In an attempt to find his family, he moves to this blue house and begins working as a programmer. He's living a comfortable life until the day two very different girls show up at his door, both in possession of the same photograph, and both claiming to be his twin. With no way to prove who is a relative and who is a stranger, Maiku allows both girls to move in with him until they know for sure. (Source: ANN) It's a short story about the characters from .hack// Legend of the Twilight meeting offline. It's more to hear than to see. It shows only backgrounds from the real world with the heads of the charater-game-avatars; but it reveals some interesting real life informations about the characters. Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kappamaki and his sushi friends are cute-cool-charming characters who soothe your grating feelings and heal your weary heart. They are all adorable characters originally made with clay by Miss Eri Okamoto. Kappamaki and the Sushi Kids are living in a small and peaceful village surrounded by unspoiled nature - flowers, fields, green forest with a crystal-clear river flowing through it. All the inhabitants including Kappamaki and his friends are naïve, honest and tenderhearted. There is a school, a park, houses, business offices and shops just like an ordinary small village anywhere. A friendly guy says that it is a typical Alpine village with the glamour of Paris and the atmosphere of Venice... Is it, really?! OK. Let's take a closer look... Oh, my goodness! The village looks as if it is made of sushi tools - The banks of the canals are sushi pails. The buildings are piled-up sushi baskets etc... This series of animated shorts is full of humorous mishaps and heart-warming tales giving smiles and chuckles to everybody. They are also educational and entertaining describing friendship and kindness. So, please enjoy the mind-healing tales in this fantasy land. (Source: AniDB) Spin-off movie of Paaman. Screened simultaneously with "Doraemon: Nobita and the Strange Wind Rider". Five years have passed since the occurrence of the incident known as the "Human Annihilation Mission." In Japan, a novelist is dealing with writer's block after her friend has gone missing. In Hong Kong, three sisters, masters in the use of paper, run their own detective agency to solve cases that involve books. When these people are brought together, a bond greater than blood is formed - a bond that will be sorely tested by the evil powers intent on taking over the world. Join Anita, Maggie, Michelle, and Nenene as they travel the globe in order to save the world from the evil mastermind, Mr. Carpenter! Of course, that's if they can find the time to put down the books they're reading... (Source: RightStuf) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Netto's father Yuuichirou Hikari has made a scientific breakthrough by introducing the "synchro chips". If an operator and his or her navi are in a special enviroment known as a "dimensional area", they can fuse together in the real world via a technique called "cross fusion"! Yuuichirou's first test subject, Misaki Gorou, attempts the process and sadly fails. Netto offers to try with Rockman, but his father forbids it. Cross Fusion puts enormous strain on the operator's health, and battling in the real world could mean death. (Source: Official Site) The world of tennis is harsh and highly competitive. Numerous schools from Japan battle it out to determine the best of the best. Seishin Gakuen Junior High School, more commonly known as Seigaku, is one of the most prominent contestants in this battle of the finest. Their team line-up gets even stronger with the sudden arrival of a young prodigy from the West, Ryouma Echizen, who is determined to prove himself and escape the towering shadow of his legendary father. This fine addition changes the team forever. Prince of Tennis follows the heartwarming and inspirational story of Ryouma on his quest to become one of the best tennis players the country has ever seen. He pushes himself hard so that he can one day surpass his father’s name and his own personal expectations. Alongside the rest of the Seigaku team, Ryouma fights to make his and his teammate's dreams come true. Ocha-ken is a children's program about tea-dogs and tea-cats, each representing a different blend. The episodes are very short and geared to teaching the audience various values. The lesson, or moral of the episode is displayed at the end. (Source: AniDB) A former gymnast, Aikawa Maki has turned her skills to a different way of life—street fighting. The only thing that truly makes her feel alive is violence. With amazing power and grace, she fights opponent after opponent, repeatedly demonstrating the gymnastic talent that earns her her nom de guerre, "Airmaster." Grandpa Danger is a world where the great protector is Grandpa Danger! He's an expert at falling off of cliffs, dealing with a principal who suffers from a severe inferiority complex, and escaping the hidden dangers of sleep! He's a nonsensical, utterly disgusting, relentless prankster. Grandpa Danger's excessive phlegm and farts frustrate Grandson to hilarious extremes, and make you laugh until your stomach splits! (Source: AniDB) Jiisan tries to compete at the local marathon against all his friends. Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kai, who has powers different from the rest, together with his sickly sister Hikaru was protected by an organization called ASHURUM. Scouted by Eiji, Kai was delegated to the ASHURUM special force AESES and undergo intensive training. Whenever he was free, Kai visited Hikaru at the hospital belongs to the organization, but Hikaru's condition never improved. So, one year later, with amazing growth from the intensive training, Kai decides to escape from the organization. (Source: ANN) Pokémon Chronicles is a TV series comprised of the English-dubbed versions of a number of Pokémon TV specials. Many of the episodes are from the Weekly Pokémon Broadcasting Station show in Japan, but it also contained The Legend of Thunder! and shorts from the Pikachu's Winter Vacation series. The series, in each episode, basically focuses on the lives of the many of the recurring/main characters Ash Ketchum met on his journey, like Sakura, Misty, her sisters, Casey, and Tracey. Ash only makes two appearances in the series in brief cameos. (Source: Bulbapedia) One day, Nobita runs into a creature-like ball of wind, which came from a faraway land, but blew into their neighbourhood following the recent typhoon that went through the area. Nobita names it Fuuko. Eventually, he, Doraemon and their friends take it to a vast countryside through the Anywhere Door. There, they learn about the Wind and Storm Villages, and Fuuko's real identity. Soon, Nobita and his friends have to protect Fuuko from the Storm Village and a now-possessed Nobuo, who is being controlled by the spirit of the Storm Village's former leader. (Source: ANN) A big studded bear that trudges with a drum and drum stick in his hand... This is Mr. Super Bear! While playing the drum and without any expression on his face, Mr. Bear rescued Maa-kun from a bank robber. One day, Maa-kun found "Mr. Super Bear" and a clown entertaining kids by performing for them. Who is this "Mr. Super Bear"...? (Source: AniDB) A special included on the 7th DVD release, commonly known as "Episode 14". It features nudity and adult situations which were not present in the original series. Rumic World TV (2003) consists of thirteen independent series based on short stories from 1987-2000 by Takahashi Rumiko. The episode order is not sorted based on the year the story was written. For example, the first episode "Tragedy of P"'s story was written in 1991 while the last episode "Senmuno inu"'s story was written in 1994. (Source: AnimeNfo) Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. In this sequel series, events continue four years after they left off in the first series. Papuwa-kun is a mysterious boy who lives on a new tropical island full of the same crazy creatures. Along with his maid, Liquid, and his new amnestic friend, "Rotarou", they lead nonsensical adventures as they try to evade and confuse the Ganma Army, Special Corps, and even the Shinsengumi from discovering Rotarou's real secret and taking him away. (Source: ANN) Haré's family receives a video letter from Weda's home in the city. Witnessing how sad and lonely Weda's mother and Bel are without her, Weda decides to take Haré and Guu back to the city for a while. After Haré complains about being bored and lonely without his friends in the jungle (as part of his plot to persuade his mother to take him back), Weda decides to send him to a private school in the city, where he instanly falls in love with a pretty girl named Rita. But, of course, Guu wants part of the action too. (Source: ANN) Hitotose Chitose is now living together with his 5 teachers as his mothers when a mysterious girl appears and becomes their neighbor which turns out that that person is Nagatsuki Kuron who wants Mu-chan to be her mother so another sibling rivalry ensues as to who would end up as Mu-chan's child. (Source: ANN) As the new Champion, Ippo must protect his title against some of the best boxers available. Makunouchi Ippo is the new Featherweight champion of Japan and is now ready for his first title defense. His opponent, the former Jr. Featherweight champion and a medical student, Sanada Kazuki. In addition to this feud, Sanada is being coached by Kamogawa's former rival, Hama Dankichi. What makes things worse is that Sanada works at the same hospital where Kumi is a nurse at and everybody at the hospital wants Sanada to win. Not only does Ippo have to defend his title, he has to reclaim his love. (Source: ANN) Kimura finally has his championship match. It takes place at the annual champion carnival. But now he must face the intense champion, Mashiba for the Junior Lightweight championship. (Source: ANN) After a soccer game one day, six kids are playing a cute RPG-looking video game at their homes. One of them scored the winning goal, one was the goal keeper who barely missed the ball, and the others were two groups of two who were rooting for their respective sides. Suddenly, when they defeat a boss, a strange thing pops up in front of them, and they're sucked into the game world! Tomoru (scorer), Mio, and Dai end up together with Professor Galileo, who tells them that he's the one that created this game that they`ve appeared in, called Eureka, but he inadvertently got sucked into it as well. In order to get back to their world, they need to clear missions that pop up in certain areas of the world. So when a mission appears, Tomoru and the gang make the professor take them along. When they get to area C-1, they find that not only do they have a mission, but they have a rival group! The rival professor has brought their rivals from the soccer game, Yukio, Suzuka, and Kouta, with him! Their mission, of course, is a scientific one. First the computer explains how lightning is formed, and then they have to figure out a way to stop the lightning to clear the mission! Tomoru and company manage to get it done, and get a Eureka Stone, letting them get back to their world! Except... the gateway back actually needs ten Eureka Stones total before it will open! Sounds like there's a lot of science to be learned and missions to be cleared before they can go home. (Source: Jascii.net)   In the 24th Century, Intergalactic Space Travel has become a reality. One of the first outposts in the far reaches of space is WATCHER'S NEST - an inflation hole drive portal - which has recently come under attack by a mysterious force known simply as GHOUL... A group of young female cadets assigned to the portal are unexpectedly thrown into a hornet's nest of trouble as they finalize their training to become an elite pilot in the Seraphim Squadron. (Source: DVD Collection Back Cover) Winning the legendary characters "Kite" and "Black Rose" from an event held by the creators of the MMORPG "The World," Shugo and his twin sister Rena steps into "The World." Together they completed events and quests, along with their new friends Ouka, Mirelle, Hotaru, and Sanjuro. Soon after, mysterious monsters appeared, and death by these monsters caused players to slip into a coma in the real world. Only Shugo and Rena can solve this problem, but why are they being targeted, and what secrets is the game hiding? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Fourth Old Master Q animated movie. Ranma and his partner Rera run a detective agency in Giraffe City. An arranged accident leaves Rera and Ranma in an unfortunate state where the two detectives swap bodies at the stroke of midnight. With Ranma dissapearing and the beautiful Rera appearing. (Source: ANN) Ai yori Aoshi: Enishi - Miyuki is a 16 minute Christmas special set before the beginning of the first season. Based on manga chapters 43-44. My name is Toma Hikaru. I'm going to Izumo Gakuen High School with Miyuki who is my little sister-in-law, Nanami-chan who was my childhood friend, and Nagisa who thinks of me as a rival. I began to have a strange dream of a beautiful shrine maiden, who is praying something naked in a lake. I wonder who she is; I think I know her... I also see a strange room of Izumo Gakuen in my dream. Feeling uneasy, I decide to sneak into the room, not knowing it is the beginning of the long journey. (Source: AnimeNfo) Loki, the Norse god of mischief, has been exiled to the human world for what was apparently a bad joke. Along with being exiled, he's forced to take the form of a child. He's told the only way he can get back to the world of the gods is if he can collect auras of evil that take over human hearts, and so to do this he runs a detective agency. Loki is soon joined by a human girl named Mayura who is a maniac for mysteries, and she soon helps out in her own way. However, soon other Norse gods begin to appear, and most have the intent to assassinate Loki for reasons unclear. (Source: ANN) Nami Koishikawa's incredibly large breasts and luscious figure got her a lot of admirers, but she never really thought anything of it. Sure, she enjoyed wearing skimpy work uniforms that threatened to cause her breasts to pop out at any time, however those luscious curves get her into real trouble late one night when Nami rushes to the aid of an injured woman behind the restaurant where she works. The woman hands her a strange looking pendant and begs her to "take her place"... (Source: ANN) Kururu, Chiriri, Sarara, and Hororo are four little fairies that live inside bottles on their “Sensei”’s desk. Together, they have misadventures trying to understand the human world, seeking advice from the totally misinformed grade schooler next door. (Source: ANN) Mr. Stain, an artist/inventor, and his cat friend, Palvan, have numerous adventures concerning art supplies and junk found in Junk Alley. (Source: ANN) More movie mayhem for Ryoutsu. Two years after meeting Aoi, Kaoru and gang are still up to their normal habits. Kaoru now in grad school and the tenants being as rowdy as ever what will become of Aoi and Kaoru's love. Two years has passed since Aoi and Kaoru were freed from the bonds of their families. They continue to live their normal lives with their usual friends in their house. Kyuu is your average boy with a knack for logic and reasoning. Desiring to become a detective, he finds out about the existence of the Dan Detective School (DDS); a famed school where students are allowed to bear arms. Together with Megu, a girl with photographic memory, the martial arts master Kinta, the genius programmer Kazuma and the mysterious Ryuu, Kyuu tackles many well planned out crimes, always seeking the truth. The J-pop group Mini Moni has opened a cheerful little cake shop. Leader Mika-chan struggles to keep Aibon and Nono from causing trouble, all the while teaching new member Ai-chan the ropes. Regular customers include lively flower shop owner Yaguchi-san, and her flight attendant friend Gocchin, who is constantly trying to impress everyone with her non-existent knowledge of the places she claims her job has taken her. (Source: ANN) The Earth has developed a defense system against large meteorites that are on a collision course with it. This protection system is made up of the Comet Blasters based in several space stations as the 1st line of defense, using nuclear warheads launched by spaceships. The 2nd line of defense consists of the Meteor Sweepers launching from ground airbases using hypersonic planes with special missiles to deal with the resulting debris from the blasts. Mikaze is a troubled girl that is a trainee pilot for a Meteor Sweeper team that dreams of becoming a prestigious Comet Blaster pilot. Stratos 4 revolves around Mikaze's and her teammates' challenges to become real pilots, while the Earth faces the threats that come from space. (Source: ANN, edited by Falre) As a talented young acrobat, Sora has dreamed of sharing a stage with the performers of Kaleido Stage, a world renowned circus that combines graceful acrobatics, dazzling costumes, and stunts that keep audiences on the edge of their seats. She makes the move from Japan to California to audition for the show, in hopes of one day basking in the glitz and glamour. However, finding her place in such a competitive world will not be easy. Sora will shed blood, sweat, and tears on her path to becoming a performer, buoyed by the friends she makes along the way. Of course, there will also be rivals and other individuals who do not believe Sora has what it takes to shine as brightly as Kaleido Stage needs her to. Sora will need to endure these trials and tribulations in her quest to become a star, earning the respect of both those who doubt her abilities and by those who are threatened by her. Watch as Sora flies through the bright lights in Kaleido Star ! A brave knight named Albion has been sent to recover a princess named Cecelia from a monster-infested tower held by the witch Etruria. Winning her safety (and her company in bed) from a nefarious (but inexperienced) beholder, they must learn to cooperate to face other threats, such as the ninja spy Palmyra and the seductive and deadly Sirena. (Source: THEM Anime Reviews) Izayoi and Inu no Taishou, Inuyasha's parents, are having problems with a human named Setsuna no Takemaru. Sou'unga a magical sword that has been sealed away for 700 years is found. Now everyone is after the sword and its powers but it seems the sword has something else in mind. (Source: ANN) As an expression of gratitude for the heroes of both the ".hack//Sign" and the ".hack" game series, Helba has prepared a special event for all the characters to find the newly established "Twilight Hot Springs." The characters can get their well deserved rest and relaxation by having a soak in the wonderful hot springs, but there is only one problem—the hot springs are hidden and there have been mysterious player murders. With the only clue being the word “GIFT," the race has begun to find the culprit and the location of the hot springs. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Luffy and crew arrive at the harbour of Anabaru. The local casino is holding a competition in which the winner will obtain a huge monetary reward if he reaches the finishing line first. Nami is elated and decides to participate in the competition. However, there is a conspiracy going behind the competition and the mastermind is an ex-military commander, Gasparde. His plan is to lure all the pirates to the military base and send them to their deaths. Luffy and gang have to overcome the numerous tests and tribulations along the way to complete this dead-end adventure. (Source: ANN) The "Forbidden Treasure" is an extraordinary artefact who can grant any wishes. The people seeking it are called the Bankers, and our hero, Corokke, is one of them. A college student, Sendō Kazuki, happened to set foot in the doujinshi community. There, people are producing and selling doujinshi, which is the comic book drawn by fans rather than professional writers. At first he was reluctant, but as he met the girls earnest about producing doujinshi, he was gradually involved in creating it himself. This series is based on a Dreamcast/PC game, "Comic Party", and its setting is different from the TV series. The main characters, Kazuki, Taishi, and Mizuki are college students whereas they were high school students in the TV series. The story starts after Kazuki has become acquainted with other characters. (Original description from AnimeNfo) As the mermaid princess of the North Pacific (one of the seven mermaid kingdoms), Lucia entrusts a magical pearl to a boy who falls overboard a ship one night. Lucia must travel to the human world to reclaim her pearl and protect the mermaid kingdoms. Using the power of music Lucia is able to protect herself and the mermaid kingdoms from a growing evil force. Continuing right where the last OVA series left off, the mysterious Lady Tokimi dispatches the warrior Z to Earth in order to learn more about Tenchi and his connection to Washu and Tsunami. Z is ordered not to lay a hand on Tenchi, but he may have his own agenda as he quickly sets about making trouble for our hero. Meanwhile, Tenchi's father and grandfather come to the decision that it may be time for Tenchi to learn even more about his past and his Jurian heritage. And the arrival of a couple of new female residents to the Masaki household threatens to upset the balance and inflame the rivalry over Tenchi's already decidedly divided affection. (Source: ANN) Genius scientist Tsukumo Susumu knows each and every single theory behind aerodynamics that exists on earth despite being only 13 years old. He wants to travel to the moon without the use of fossil fuels that power rockets. So begins his heavy research using his knowledge in the laws of physics, scientific theory and his wild imagination. His test subjects are the unpopular idol group Mix JUICE (Himawari, Yuri, Ayame, Sakura). They come up with all sorts of crazy ideas to become the first humans to successfully hold a concert on the face of the moon. Will the four girls from Mix JUICE be able to struggle their way to the moon successfully? (Source: AniDB) Pikachu and the other Pokemon learn to dance! Battle Programmer Shirase, also known as BPS, is a free programmer with super hacking abilities who doesn't work for money. What he does work for is certainly something that only people like him would appreciate. But, his demeanor certainly doesn't suit the jobs he is hired for. With the evil King of America causing trouble via the internet, Shirase is nothing but busy as each new adventure brings even more interesting people into the picture. (Source: ANN) Unaired series episode included in the DVD release. A routine rank-C mission turned into a full-blown battle as the Hidden Fall village is attacked by enemy ninjas. Now Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura must help the leader of the Hidden Fall, Shibuki, protect his village and show him what being a hero is all about. (Source: ANN) When Hideki Motosuwa leaves his apartment and accidentally forgets his wallet, Chii takes the wallet and follows him, leaving Sumomo and Kotoko alone in the apartment. It doesn’t take long time until Sumomo discovers that Chii forgot her panties, so Sumomo and Kotoko sets out on an adventurous trip to return the panties to Chii. (Source: ANN) This New Year special episode is a recap of the first episodes 1 to 12. However, there is a curious tournament with the regular players too. Daisuke Niwa is a clumsy, block-headed, and wimpy middle school student who has few redeeming qualities. On his 14th birthday, he finally decides to confess his love to his longtime crush Risa Harada, but is rejected. In an unexpected turn of events, however, Daisuke finds himself transforming into Dark Mousy, the infamous phantom thief, whenever his mind is set on Risa. Though Daisuke is unaware of this strange heritage, his mother is certainly not: since before the boy was born, his mother had been planning for him to steal valuable works of art and let the name of the elusive art thief be known. With doubt and confusion constantly clouding his mind, Daisuke finds himself struggling in his relationships with classmates and family. And it is not long before Daisuke realizes that he is not the only one with a fated family legacy—his greatest adversary could be the one classmate he is most unwilling to fight. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Beautiful sisters Ai, Mai, Mii, their android maid Mea and slippery pet ferret Unagi make an amazing journey together through time and space without ever leaving their beloved mansion behind! Following the clues of the strange dandelion-like "Popotan," the girls are theoretically seeking the person who has the answers to their most personal questions, but they seem to have more than enough time to take side trips, meet new friends, visit hot springs and occasionally operate the X-mas shop they keep in the house along the way! Yet, the girls' ultimate destiny holds more than a few surprises of its own, and not every moment is filled with hilarity, as moving through time means having to leave friends behind as well. (Source: RightStuf) Teacher Sorata Muon carries on his family's centuries-old old tradition of being the master thief Mouse who can steal anything after properly alerting authorities of his intentions so they can be there yet fail to stop him. He is assisted by 3 nubile female assistants who also use the teaching cover and who, in typical Satoru Akahori, favor tight/skimpy/bondage outfits over their ample curves as they constantly pursue Sorata much more than he pursues them, although the girls do get some attention from their master. Not only is Mouse pursued by the girls & the local law enforcement authorities, there is also a secret art protection society employing the services of a former ally of Sorata's after his pretty little hide, all in 15 minute episodes. An anarchistic country that is said to dominate the world exists on a vast island known as Moekko Island. This is where the final works of AC Company's android combat maids (resembling beautiful young girls) are done, also where these maids get there communication training. A new maid is to come to the island to be trained, Rinia, she is a young looking girl, who has lost her all of her memories, she tries very hard to impress the owner at Moekko island, but just ends up making a lot of trouble around the mansion. Takahiro, the owner of Moekko island, a depressive young man who has also lost his memories is seen as a very unhappy person who thinks Rinia will only be trouble around the mansion. As time passes, Takahiro slowly grows attached to Rinia's attempted ways of helping and so starts a beautiful relationship among the quiet island. (Source: ANN) It's another normal day in the Misato residence when Mahoro finds yet another pornographic magazine in Suguru's room. This prompts her and Minawa to make a pact with Chizuko, Rin, Miyuki and Miss Shikijo to search and confiscate all of the perverted stash in the house. Suguru, Kiyomi and Toshiya must do whatever it takes to protect their treasure from the girls. (Source: ANN) The plot revolves around Doki, a female rabbit, meeting, falling in love with, and chasing Nabi, a male cat, in a world where love between the two species is socially unacceptable. The theme of the short is that all love can be accepted and has a chance. Nabi attempts to cure Doki's infatuation for him, but after seeing the extent of her love, he gives in and finds something he can appreciate in her. (Source: Wikipedia) Specials from Galaxy Angel 3 DVDs. This is an animated cartoon that was released inside the game Pokémon Channel. A half-hour long anime show, broken into five short segments, featuring the Pichu Brothers. Meowth throws a party that the Pichu brothers and their friends are not invited to. After a series of events, they find out they were invited, but their invitations were simply delivered late. They go to Meowth's Party and hear him sing. The series has a total of five episodes, each on its own channel. (Source: Wikipedia) The DVD Specials. Kazuki, together with his friends, goes to a Comic Party that's going to be held in a hot spring. There, they make an incredible discovery that is going to reveal something amazing about comic conventions. It's back-to-school mayhem with Kaname Chidori and her war-freak classmate Sousuke Sagara as they encounter more misadventures in and out of Jindai High School. But when Kaname gets into some serious trouble, Sousuke takes the guise of Bonta-kun—the gun-wielding, butt-kicking mascot. And while he struggles to continue living as a normal teenager, Sousuke also has to deal with protecting his superior officer Teletha Testarossa, who has decided to take a vacation from Mithril and spend a couple of weeks as his and Kaname's classmate. (Source: ANN) In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite] A short film by Aoki Jun. It’s Christmas Eve and three homeless friends have experienced their own Christmas miracle: while rummaging in a dump for food, they discover a newborn baby. Despite having nothing, the three take the baby in and name her Kiyoko, meaning Pure One. They embark in search of Kiyoko’s mother, based on the little they know about her from her meager belongings. But the night is young, and the city is vast. Before they know it, these three become entangled in a series of events including kidnapping, death, and a mysterious red envelope. Kind transwoman Hana, runaway teenager Miyuki, and belligerent Gin make an unlikely trio as they care for the baby and try to find where she belongs. By finally looking towards the future, they are also able to confront their pasts, coming just a little bit closer to finding their own place in the world. The grandson of the 3rd Hokage, Konohamaru, finally has a crush on a girl, but he has a big problem she is soon to be moving away from the hidden leaf village. Konohamaru trying to make her stay seeks out the legendary crimson four-leaf clover, which is rumored to grant one wish. (Source: ANN) One fine day, a robot by the name of "Digi-girl" fell from the sky and landed near the nail-saloon operated by Nails, a nail-artist who likes all things pretty. Nails took Digi-girl in, hoping that she can help out with the household chorse. However, much to her desperation, the latter is completely useless with cleaning matters and constantly fumbles with dire results. On top of that, she creates a commotion where-ever she goes, be it in school or on the streets. This is a cute and "pop" story about a robot girl mixing together with other peculiar townsfolk. (Source: ANN) The school has 26 students with each name of them beginning with a letter of the alphabet in order and a color, 3 teachers, 3 classrooms, a library, a cafeteria, a music room, a playroom, a fountain, a skeleton playground, a graveyard and several school staff. (Source: Wikipedia) Seventeen-year-old Nanaka Kirisato is a high school student serious about her studies and goals in life. She frequently criticizes her best friend, Nenji Nagihara, for being a childish delinquent who spends his time fighting other boys. Then one day, after a heated argument with Nenji, she falls off a flight of stairs and suffers a brain injury, resulting in her mind reverting to that of a six-year-old. With this in mind, Nanaka's father and Nenji must keep her injury a secret as she struggles to live a normal life and grow up all over again. (Source: ANN) To some people, Densuke Mifune looks like the luckiest man in the world. Thanks to a chance encounter with the brilliant, beautiful, busty, but extremely shy Chiharu Shinonome, Eiken: Eikenbu yori Ai wo Komete sees Densuke being forcibly invited to join the mysterious Eiken Club. Led by Kirika Misono, she recruited Densuke both for his completely boring, unassuming nature and his completely accidental groping of Chiharu’s chest. Despite the fact that he’s now surrounded by insanely busty women, Densuke can’t catch a break to save his life. All of his attempts to get closer to Chiharu end up backfiring, making him look like a deviant pervert. His situation is made more complicated by the rest of the Eiken Club’s overly sexual antics and Chiharu’s younger sister intentionally trying to get Densuke into some…compromising positions. It doesn’t help matters that Chiharu has expressed fondness for Densuke in return, but all of the accidental circumstances keep pushing her away. Densuke needs to act fast if he wants to find his way back into Chiharu’s good graces. A beauty like her doesn’t go unnoticed, and he may very well find that he’s not the only one trying to win Chiharu’s heart. In Aurora Village in the high frozen peaks of the mountians, it's getting warmer, and the snow is melting. The Ham-Hams that live their believe that Bijou is their Snow White Princess who can pray for the snow to come back. They send Crystal the snow fairy hamster to summon Bijou to their land. Crystal arrives and takes Bijou back, the ham-hams quickly tag along. Meanwhile, pirate hamsters are sailing above the village in their flying pirate ship. The captain of the ship, Hamstern sees Bijou captures her soon after, because he doesn't want her to pray for the snow. While Bijou is held against her will, she is very calm and nice to them even makes some yummy food for them. Hamtaro and the ham-hams come aboard on the ship, Hamtaro learns what Hamstern did to Bijou. He gets really angry, and will do anything to bring her back home. Now Hamstern and Hamtaro must compete eachother in the Grand Prix. Where they race in all sorts of ways. Such as racing car. If Hamstern wins, he gets to take Bijou back in his ship. If Hamtaro wins, Bijou can pray for the snow and go back to her friends. (Source: hhp.icy-mint.net) Maya, Kurusu, and Chelsea hit it off really well when trying to get revenge on Guardian Hearts for making them suffer. Maya and company thought that Guardian Hearts usually appears when Kazuya is getting along with a girl. Not knowing that Guardian Hearts is actually Hina, they leave her alone with Kazuya in an attempt to lure Guardian Hearts. (Source: AniDB) The eleventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The Nohara family is preparing for a yakiniku feast for the ages when a mysterious man bursts in and gets them tangled up in a gigantic mess. Framed for various crimes down to baby Himawari and the dog, they must now escape the droves of police and yakuza after them and make their way to Atami to solve the case. Meet Narue, an adorable schoolgirl with a secret. She's really an alien with powers right out of a sci-fi comic! But growing up is never easy, and sometimes it doesn't help when you're from outer space. Join our spunky heroine as she faces androids, alien invaders, and her first date with the boy next door. It's the sci-fi comedy that's a direct hit to your heart! (Source: Central Park Media) A TV special, known as episode 2.5, that takes place between episodes 2 and 3. (Source: ANN) Peace Maker Kurogane special. In a stormy night, Mikan and Mom were stricken by lightning simultaneously and switched bodies. In the following days, while Mom enjoyed being a student again, Mikan had to fought with house chores. Meanwhile, Yuzuhiko and Dad were busy looking for a way to switch them back. (Source: ANN) While Gunbuster's final mission destroyed the space monsters' star system, the intergalactic war still continues. Earth's only hope lies in the hands of "TOPLESS," an elite mecha group with children possessing supernatural powers and new Buster Machines. Among their ranks is a rookie named Nono and the ace pilot Lal'C—whom Nono looks at as a "big sister." Together with their teammates Nicholas and Chiko, they must aim for the top and protect all of mankind from the wrath of the space monsters. (Source: ANN) Katakura Kippei is in every way a high school playboy. Spending his days flirting with any female he can see, responsibility is the last thing on his mind. Life takes an unexpected turn for him as one day he returns home to find himself with the fulltime task of caring for his 5-year-old cousin. Kippei's aunt Miyako had disappeared, appearing to have abandoned his cousin, Yuzuyu. With Kippei's lack of responsibility and knowledge of childcare and Yuzuyu's injured heart with the disappearance of her mother, their time together is in for a bumpy ride.  Based on long running manga by Tatsuya Egawa (Golden Boy). It tells the tale of final-year high-schooler, Murakami Naoki who falls for Mizuno Haruka as they make university entrance exams preparations. (Source: AniDB) "Netrun-mon THE MOVIE #1" is an original animation DVD convceived by Netrunner Magazine to celebrate their 5th birthday. This 30-min OVA is directed by Poyoyon Rock (of "Popotan" fame) and stars cute Netrunner characters Nin'i-tan and friends. (Source: AniDB) Jing, the infamous King of Bandits, finds himself and his feathered partner Kir behind bars in Seventh Heaven, the most notorious prison complex in the world. There, they seek to steal the Dream Orb from the convict Campari. But before doing so, they must escape from the prison of dreams that Campari has conjured for them. In the future, water has covered much of the Earth due to the effects of global warming. The orphaned Maia Mizuki, 15, just graduated from middle school and has already applied for employment in the elite paramilitary Ocean Agency, part of the futuristic world government. Only the best, most intelligent, and physically fit students are eligible for admission. Maia, the series' protagonist, is set to become one of the few. But her ideal life quickly falls apart. To her disappointment, Maia unexpectedly fails her entrance exams. Making matters worse, she promptly gets evicted from her house, pick pocketed, taken hostage, then shot. She is "saved" by two women (Rena and Shizuka) that are part of an unorthodox help-for-hire organization called Nereids (inspired by the Greek mythological Nereids ). With nowhere to go, Maia joins up with Nereids, taking jobs from capturing wanted criminals to chasing stray cats, often with unexpected results. Gloria and Yu later join up with Nereids. "Daphne" in the title refers to a subplot that starts midway into the series and eventually become important to Maia. "Brilliant Blue" refers to the fact that this is a world covered by water with almost no land. The world consists of vast oceans, a few islands, and floating cities. (Source: Wikipedia) Mars is now almost entirely covered in water. Humanity exists in large city-ships that float through the open seas. But life is hard for those who live on Mars—the economy is in bad shape, work is scarce, and food is expensive and highly prized. Gram and his friends try to do the best they can, but the work keeps drying up. Some have taken to a life of piracy to combat the corruption in the government; one such group is the pirates of the feared Ship of Aurora. And the Earth government, which rules Mars, has dispatched a new team of military pilots to combat them. In their specialized mecha called Round Bucklers, they must make the seas of Mars safe for humanity. Caught in the wrong place at the wrong time, Gram finds himself on the run with the most notorious pirates on Mars. But here's the thing—he's starting to like them! (Source: Bandai Entertainment) In Japan's not-too-distant future, crime has become so common that the government has legalised firearms for citizens to use in self-defence. To combat this new wave of wrongdoing, the Recently Armed Police of Tokyo was established in hopes of hunting down criminals with lethal force. Kyohei Tachibana is a gifted culinary student who dreams of saving up enough money to become a pastry chef in France. When four young mercenaries ask him to be their cook, he's forced into making a tough choice. As Jo, Meg, Sei, and Amy take on the bloodiest jobs in the chaotic city of Tokyo, Kyohei accepts an imminent descent into the world of crime—and he'll do a lot more than just cooking! Tachikomatic Days shorts released on a fan disc compilation.  Later re-released on a BD box with all the Tachikoma shorts. A series of minute-long animated shorts that aired on Japanese public television. Aimed at toddlers and young children, the comedic series is mostly about toilet training. Grandpa Danger is a world where the great protector is Grandpa Danger! He's an expert at falling off of cliffs, dealing with a principal who suffers from a severe inferiority complex, and escaping the hidden dangers of sleep! He's a nonsensical, utterly disgusting, relentless prankster. Grandpa Danger's excessive phlegm and farts frustrate Grandson to hilarious extremes, and make you laugh until your stomach splits! (Source: AniDB) The history is placed right after the -cliffhanger- end of Godannar when Anna looks surprised to see Mira driving the Neo Okusaer. (Source: AniDB) After the final battle against Gaito, Sara had given her life to remain with him. The sea world is now at peace, but only with six mermaid princesses. While Caren, Noel, and Coco have returned to their kingdoms, it should be time for Lucia, Hanon, and Rina to do the same. After all, Mitsuki Tarou is leaving for Germany, and Doumoto Kaito is heading to Hawaii. Lucia is devestated, and when things couldn't get any worse, Kaito is lost at sea! Worst of all, a strange angel named Michel has appeared, wanting the mermaids to join him. But on the lighter side, Sara's spirit tells Lucia of Sara's successor, a young mermaid named Seira. The mermaids are in for another adventure! Koto unknowingly seals away the Sun Goddess Amaterasu, and now she is in a different world and can't return. Meeting priestesses who combat the evil in this strange place she learns that Black Towers throughout the land keep Amatersu sealed away and are guarded by evil monsters. Koto must now find a way to help defeat these monsters and return the world to the way it was. (Source: ANN) Satoshi and his friends travel to LaRousse, where they meet a boy named Tooi who is afraid of Pokemon due to an incident that happened four years earlier. Meanwhile, Deoxys, a Pokemon from space, has reappeared, putting a barrier around the city and kidnapping people. Rayquaza, a Pokemon that lives in the atmosphere, comes to fight it. (Source: ANN) After Gravion was able to use its ultimate attack, the Zeravire threat seemed to have temporary stopped. However when it rises back up all of a sudden, the Earth Gult and its trump card, the super robot Gravion, is needed to defend this world again. All this while, the EFA is planning to create their own weapons to counter the Zeravire, the Grand Trooper. Now as they attempt to fend off the Zeravire, the people of the Earth Gult and EFA must protect their future as well as confront their pasts, and unveil the mysteries of the Zeravire. (Source: ANN) Based on Nasu Masamoto's Zukkoke Sannin-gumi juvenile novels series. The main characters are 6 grade boys, Hachibei, Hakase, and Mo-chan. This anime shows their adventures. (Source: AnimeNfo) Two clay men are playing an innocent game of rock-paper-scissors... with a sick twist. The red clayman is bored... and apparently, he has nothing better to do than bother the yellow clayman. Ever since their parents died a few years ago, Ryo and his sister Akane have been living alone together. Despite their difficult situation, they are still living reasonably happy and normal lives. However, everything is about to be flipped upside-down due to a secret government project. Due to increasingly low birth rates in Japan, the Japanese government is testing a program in which two young people are forced to marry. Ryo wants no part of it, but he is given little choice in the matter; his new fiancée, Shizuka, comes to his home late one night with several dozen government issued bodyguards, who are there to ensure the success of the new couple. Unlike Ryo, Shizuka couldn’t be more willing to go along with this new program, and eagerly goes about her wifely duties, despite his objections. With meddling friends, pushy bodyguards, and an overenthusiastic new fiancée, Ryo’s life has taken a turn in a direction the young man certainly didn’t expect. (Source: ANN) Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor. A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] With his mother dead and his father working abroad, Futami Nozomu returns to the town where he lived as a child, to attend high school and work part-time at a local shrine. He soon finds himself caught up in a local legend of twin girls loving the same man. And there are many twin girls in this town.... (Source: ANN) Episodes based on Mikoto scenario. The Sanzo Ikkou continues its westward journey, on a mission to prevent a demonic resurrection. As Genjo Sanzo, Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku fight their way to their goal, their path is fraught with internal strife. When they encounter a formidable pair of adversaries from the west, the cohesion of the group -- and the fate of the mission -- may be at stake. (Source: ANN) Kaito Kid strikes again in this new annual installment of the Detective Conan movies. An actress asked for Mouri Kogoro to protect a precious jewel of hers which Kid has vowed to steal. On the day of the theft, Kaito Kid dressed up as Shinichi and matched wits with Conan, and fled in the end. To thank them, the actress invited Kogoro and family and friends to Sapporo, but a bigger scheme, and a great emergency is just about to unravel high above the clouds in the plane that they're taking... (Source: ANN) Na-i-sho is a 13 episode OAV series detailing the summer between the ~motto~ and the Dokkaan season. It is a bit more mature than the TV seasons, and looks to develop each of the five witches romantically. Hana is back to a baby, and the mahou shop is a bakery. (Source: ANN) In the middle of an airborne heist, Lupin goes from stealing to stolen as he's carted off and forced to do a job for a mysterious man identifiable only by the brand of cigarette he smokes. Lupin's mission: to steal the infamous "Bull's Eye", a small green jewel best-known for the fact that everyone who's ever stolen it has ended up dead. Along with the challenge of alternately evading and pursuing a young thief with a competitive streak, Lupin and the gang must unravel the mystery of the Bull's Eye before its curse - or their mysterious taskmaster - gets the better of them. (Source: ANN) High school student Takeru Takemoto works part time as a (motor)bike courier. During one of his deliveries, he saw a mysterious light passing him and fell into a forest. What he had found was a beautiful girl coming out from a glowing cocoon, calling herself "Hikari." While Takeru was quite embarrassed because of Hikari's nudity, a strange monster suddenly showed up and immediately attacked the two. Both Takeru and Hikari demonstrated the power of their other selves before Takeru had a clue of what's going on. (Source: ANN) Saiki Misaki has been able to see ghosts since she was a kid. Now, working at an S&M club, her spare time goes to sending the spirits off to the other world by having to make them realize they're dead and have to leave. This would supposedly be a little bit easier if you didnt have a background of hardship and loneliness... and a perverted employer. (Source: ANN) A mysterious organization known as Panther Claw make their presence known by terrorizing Tokyo and giving the cops a run for their money. Police are further baffled by the appearance of a lone cosplaying vigilante who thwarts all of Panther Claw's evil schemes before disappearing. That cosplayer is Honey Kisaragi, the result of the late Professor Kisaragi's prize experiment. A master of disguise, Honey can magically alter her physical appearance and outfits. But with a push of the heart-shaped button on her choker, she transforms herself into Cutie Honey, the scantily-clad, sword-wielding warrior of love and justice. (Source: ANN) After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) When a crafty toy company "Wiz" also known in this show as Dark Wiz Company, finds crystals with the faint DNA of monsters known as "Legendz" are found and made into a battle game. A young boy named Shu receives one these crystals known as "soul figures" from his father after a baseball game. Legendz rapidly became popular and more and more children played it. Wiz employeys start to track down Shu for his special soul figure, for his soul figure can revive real legendz not just the little kiddy digital images! How will Shu fight his way to victory and claim this soul figure as his own? (Source: TV.com) Momo and Komomo can deliver mail from anyone, to anyone. To anywhere in the world, the galaxy, or the universe. Under the sea, high up in the clouds, and around the corner. To the past, the present, or the future. They both work tirelessly to insure that the important letters of people are delivered, while Komomo also works hard to keep the ever distracted Momo on task. (Source: ANN) A special Christmas episode. One day, seven shooting stars fell on to the ground. The shooting stars were colored by seven colors, and they had terrible powers. Those who took the shooting star were tuned into monsters by embodying their desires. Dr. Mishina and Dr. Kishiwada obtained the red, green, and blue stars secretly, and they studied the stars. Finally, they could successfully control their power by putting a special helmet on. The newly developed helmet, "Musumet", was as large as an automobile helmet. Putting Musumet on the head, it turned a person's body into the strongest one on the earth. Furthermore, it received the signal from the brain and amplified the inherent power and ability unlimitedly. To utilize the power of "Musumet", to keep the world peace, and to protect from the disasters caused by the remaining shooting stars, Dr. Mishima and Dr. Kishida founded a secret organization "MET". However, he died before he accomplished his aim. The bereaved daughters, Aoi, Midori, and Kurenai, made up their minds to become Musmet in order to execute the father's will. Even if they turned into Musumet, their wearing wouldn't change except helmets, gloves, and boots. Therefore, they had to go to the scenes wearing their own clothes. The girls had to go to the incident spots occasionally wearing school uniforms, occasionally gymnasium suits, occasionally swimming suits, depending the case, they had to go there even if they were naked, and they would do great jobs. On the other hand, at other times, they were ordinal adolescent girls who were dreaming of lovely meetings with boyfriends. Whether would they cope with the world peace and boyfriends at the same time? (Source: AnimeNfo) Ichinomiya Kantarou grew up with the ability to see demons, but was isolated and bullied by others who did not share the same gift. Instead, he became being friends with the demons, gaining a great attachment to their existence. One day, Kantarou was told about the strongest demon, the one known as the ogre-eating Tengu. Amazed by the news of his strength, Kantarou vowed to find this demon who was far stronger than any other, deciding to call him Haruka when he did so. Since this time, Kantarou searched far and wide for the ogre-eating Tengu with no luck, making his living by becoming a folklore writer and demon-buster. On a particular job, Kantarou had finally found news of a nearby shrine supposedly the place where the ogre-eating Tengu was sealed. For some people, high school represents the opportunity for a fresh start. You can take new classes and make new friends. For Souichiro Nagi and Bob Makihara, though, high school means something different: the chance to become the top fighters in the entire student body! Too bad Toudou Academy is the hardest possible place to realize their dreams. Their new high school is no ordinary academic institution. Rather than concentrating on classic subjects like math and science, Toudou Academy was created for the sole purpose of reviving the martial arts in Japan! As a result, Souichiro's aspirations to become top dog are cut short when he runs afoul of Masataka Takayanagi and Maya Natsume. The two upperclassmen easily stop the freshmen duo's rampage across school, but rather than serving as a deterrent, it only stokes their competitive fire. What kind of monstrous fighters attend Toudou Academy? Are there any stronger than Masataka and Maya? And why in the world is Maya's younger sister stalking Souichiro? Learn the answers to these questions and more in Tenjou Tenge ! DVD only specials. Following Studio Petit's popularity for Time Journey's, the crew is now faced with 3 anime at the same time. Rushing to fill the quotas, the owner of Studio Petit hires Takashimadaira, a veteran producer to help Kuromi. However, all Takashimadaira cares about is making deadlines, severely hurting the quality of the images. Shihonmatsu, who has been helping Kuromi, gets angry at the new producer and leaves, leaving Kuromi with a difficult choice: to choose between the quality or the deadline. Studio Petit managed to survive the production of "Time Journeys," but now that show's finished, and in its place they've got no less than three series to animate, with just four artists, one manager and one director - not to mention one very bedraggled animation runner. And it doesn't help that Shihonmatsu picked this week to quit smoking. As the staff starts to fall behind their crushing deadlines, the owner calls in an old "pro," Takashimadaira, to get production back on track. But once he starts putting speed above quality, the Petit team has to choose between following orders and doing their jobs right. (Source: ANN) DVD Special containing: Rhapsody of July (DVD Episode 2.5) If it becomes September (DVD Episode 3.5) Bitch Actress dropped into Hell (DVD Episode 5.5) History is Made Through Women (DVD Episode 9.5) A young man passes a pet shop on his way home, and seeing a kappa in the window, decides to buy it on a whim. He brings the creature home, and names him Kaatan. He's never owned a kappa before, so he relies heavily on a book he purchased on the subject of raising and training kappa. The books gives several good tips for bringing up a smart and well behaved kappa, and it all seems very simple. Unfortunately, putting these techniques into practice and actually making them work is not quite as easy as the book implies. Kaatan seems to understand things at first, but usually ends up either forgetting what he's learned, or isn't interested in learning in the first place. However, this particular young man has a lot of patience, and continues his possibly fruitless effort to raise Kaatan into a pet he can be proud of. (Source: ANN) Anubis, an ancient Egyptian evil that was defeated by Yugi's alter ego centuries ago, has returned to exact revenge. Wielding the power of the Eighth Millennium Item, Anubis is determined to destroy Yugi and take over the world. (Source: ANN) Two bonus episodes that take place during the course of the series, approximately halfway through it seems. They are entitled 'Everything you always wanted to know about Nereids (but were afraid to ask)' and 'Heaven can wait for Maia Mizuki'. These stories are more lighthearted and comedic in tone, bordering on silly. A brilliant, slightly crazy, and extremely eccentric scientist toils away his days in his lab, creating robots to carry out different tasks. A robot to grant three wishes, a robot to help you write your diary, a robot that intentionally misbehaves in order to keep its master from becoming bored… the robots are each built for a very specific purpose, and can’t really do much of anything else. Luckily for mankind, however, these robots are much more useful than they appear to be at first glance… most of the time, anyway. (Source: ANN) Feudal Japan was a land beset with warfare and strife. Families were torn asunder and siblings were divided by conflict and chaos. Matagoro Yoshimura has been hired by the feudal lords to seek out a treasure of incredible wealth —but there's a catch... the only way to find this cache is by gathering the pieces of the map that have been hidden on the backs of female ninja scattered throughout the land. The only time these hidden maps will reveal themselves is when the ninja carrying it is in the throes of passion. Is Yoshimura "up" to the task of putting together the puzzle pieces and finding the treasure? (Source: AniDB) Four 13 minute episodes that came with the DVDs.  Episodes 9.5, 10.4, 10.8 and 12.5. On his 16th birthday, Tomokazu Mikuri had a realistic dream where he sees a girl battling a giant floating monstrosity. When he wakes up, he is surprised that the girl is actually sleeping next to him... Whenever he sleeps from now on, he ends up back at the dream world, and more and more people that he knows keep showing up there too. He finds out from a mysterious masked woman in the dream world named Silk that they are fighting against one named Faydoom, and he is the one who provides the powers to those girls so that they can fight these monsters. And so it goes... (Source: ANN) Fuu Kasumi is a young and clumsy waitress who spends her days peacefully working in a small teahouse. That is, until she accidentally spills a drink all over one of her customers! With a group of samurai now incessantly harassing her, Fuu desperately calls upon another samurai in the shop, Mugen, who quickly defeats them with his wild fighting technique, utilizing movements reminiscent to that of breakdancing. Unfortunately, Mugen decides to pick a fight with the unwilling ronin Jin, who wields a more precise and traditional style of swordfighting, and the latter proves to be a formidable opponent. The only problem is, they end up destroying the entire shop as well as accidentally killing the local magistrate's son. For their crime, the two samurai are captured and set to be executed. However, they are rescued by Fuu, who hires the duo as her bodyguards. Though she no longer has a place to return to, the former waitress wishes to find a certain samurai who smells of sunflowers and enlists the help of the now exonerated pair to do so. Despite initially disapproving of this idea, the two eventually agree to assist the girl in her quest; thus, the trio embark upon an adventure to find this mysterious warrior—that is, if Fuu can keep Mugen and Jin from killing each other. Set in an alternate Edo Period of Japan, Samurai Champloo follows the journey of these three eccentric individuals in an epic quest full of action, comedy, and dynamic sword fighting, all set to the beat of a unique hip-hop infused soundtrack. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  When a comet that comes back once in a hundred years, Dream Suisei, is travelling by Earth, everybody sees the same dream of a foreign world. Melonpanna saves an egg from being crushed and wakes up to find out that the egg has followed her home. A kitten hatches from the egg, and Melonpanna names her Nyanii and starts caring for her. But soon they find out that Nyanii is needed back on Dream Suisei, and if she doesn't return there, she will vanish. Melonpanna struggles with the upcoming hard goodbyes, but the real trouble starts when Baikinman accidentally awakens the evil monster Muuma. (Source: ANN) Mikura, Kurokawa, and Harada are the 3 members of the Danger Service Agency (DSA). Mikura is the brawns of the group, Harada is the brains, and Kurokawa is just a bitter ex-cop that likes to think he's in charge. They'll take on any job as long as it involves lots of danger and, of course, money. If you want to live long enough to eat dinner, you better not cross them. Their biggest case, however, could prove to be finding out why someone wants Kurokawa assassinated. (Source: ANN) Panda-Z chronicles the misadventures of Pan Taron and his giant robot Panda-Z, as they battle the evil Skull Panda and his Warunimal forces. (Source: ANN) The genin of Kohona are having a sports day filled with races, obstacle courses and of course the relay and the prize is a paid vacation for the winner. Unfortunately Naruto and his stomach are getting him into trouble again. Naruto really needs to go to the toilet but he has to wait for the line to the restroom is so long even the Akatsuki and Kabuto are in line! After the group race he runs to the toilet to find it closed for cleaning but then he tries to go to into the ladies room but Hinata pops by and tries to tell Naruto something but is interrupted by the speaker and then off to the obstacle course. Naruto needs to drink a whole liter of milk in this critical state. After that he sees some portable toilets, but they are wrecked by Choji's Human Boulder. Naruto tries to beat them up but Ino comes and drags him back. Finally the relay; Sakura passed it to Sasuke but on Naruto's turn the baton Sasuke was holding poked his butt. Out of desperation Naruto wins and finishes the race. He runs off to find a toilet but Shikamaru stops him. They cheer for him on the track but Naruto can't hold it anymore and let's it ALL go on the field with everyone standing around him. Kaede is a normal school girl who was studying for her exams for school when suddenly she is interrupted by Shinobu, a girl who is a ninja-in-training, attempting to complete her exam. The problem is, in order for her to successfully complete her exam, she must steal one of Kaede's panties! In Kaede's attempt to stop Shinobu from stealing her panties, an unexpected friendship is forged between the two. Kaede soon becomes engrossed in Shinobu's world, surrounded by partying ninjas and a yellow pac-man like thing by the name of Onsokumaru, who claims to be the master of all ninjas! [Written by MAL Rewrite] After battle in first season battleship Amanohara was serious damaged and need to repair. It land on island where a Gogyou festival just begin. Umakai Shintaro and his five girls student who know as Raimu Unit begin enjoy a peace time in that island. But the enemy still follow them around. How Umakai Shintaro and his five girls student fight against the enemy. Still his five girls student begin try to draw his attention into them. (Source: ANN) The Karugamo High School Baseball Team has not been doing well. After losing badly to the Eagles, many of the players leave, and the team now has only eight players, one too few to play a game. Going against his principles, the main character Harumaki Shunpei decides to buy a baseball robot. However, since he does not have enough money, he ends up buying the maid robot named Azusa. Even though Azusa has a warm heart and strong determination, it doesn't appear that she stands a chance against her adversaries who were top-of-the-line baseball robots. The team's only hope seems to lie in a secret buried within Azusa's clouded past. The land of Neotopia is attacked by the Dark Axis, evil invaders from another dimension who wish to conquer this land. Neotopia's answer: the secret Super Dimensional Guard and their defenders, the Gundam Force. Led by Captain Gundam, the Gundam Force and its team of Gundams with special abilities are aided by a boy named Shute as they stop at nothing to defend the land from the Dark Axis and to defeat them once and for all. (Source: ANN) Just the words "I love you," and everything changes—such is the nature of the bittersweet trials of high school romance. Tenma Tsukamoto, a second year, is on a quest to confess her feelings to the boy she likes. Kenji Harima, a delinquent with a sizable reputation, is in a similar situation, as he cannot properly convey his feelings to the one he loves. Between school, friends, rivalries, and hobbies, these two will find that high school romance is no walk in the park, especially as misunderstandings further complicate their plight. School Rumble is a high-octane romantic comedy full of relatable situations, as Tenma and Kenji both try to win the hearts of those they desire. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sasahara Kanji is a college freshman who decides to join a student society to share his hidden thoughts on manga, anime and gaming. When he first visited Genshiken, short for "Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyuu Kai" (Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture), his groundless pride was destroyed by the plotting of Madarame, a sophomore student in Genshiken, but he still couldn't admit that he is an otaku. However, as he participates in society activities such as visiting dojin (private publishing) shops and anime festivals, and hangs out with other society members Kosaka (a hardcore otaku despite his extreme eccentricities and good looks), Kosaka's girlfriend Kasukabe Saki (who isn't really an otaku), Ohno (a cosplayer) and the others, he opens his mind and resolves that he will make his way into the otaku world. With their help, Sasahara slowly adjusts to otaku life in Genshiken. (Source: AnimeNfo) Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition: whenever girls touch him, or even come close, he breaks out in hives. Imagine his surprise, when he is suddenly transported to the city of Seiren on a mystic world invisibly orbiting the Earth, and populated with vast numbers of women and very few men. Fortunately, he has a new friend, Miharu-chan, whose touch inexplicably doesn't affect him. (Source: ANN) Kumiko Yamaguchi is smart, enthusiastic, and ready to start her dream job as a math teacher at Shirokin Academy. But as her first day opens on atrocious students and cowering teachers, Kumiko realizes that the all-boys high school is a cesspool of delinquents with no intention of improving themselves. However, what her rowdy students don't know is that behind her dorky facade, Kumiko is the acting head of a powerful yakuza clan, and she has the skills to prove it! Capable of overpowering even the strongest of gangsters in seconds, Kumiko must keep her incredible strength and criminal influence a secret in order to keep her job. Unfortunately, with the vice principal constantly trying to get her fired and Shin Sawada, the leader of her class of delinquents, suspecting she's stronger than she lets on, Kumiko has a difficult teaching career ahead of her. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Luffy and crew takes on Arlong's crew in baseball. Announced by Bon Clay and Buggy. (Source: ANN) In the future, Japan is a wasteland. In the Great Kantou Desert, scattered humans seek out a living in the hot sand. Among them, a short-statured man they call "Sunabouzu" makes a living as a bounty hunter. Like a demon of the sand, he seems unbeatable. Yet, like all men, he has a particular weakness for the opposite sex... (Source: ANN) Kyou kara Maou! revolves around Yuri Shibuya, your average Japanese teenager. One day, Yuri sees a classmate being harassed by bullies. Thanks to this intervention, his friend is able to escape, but unfortunately Yuri becomes the new target of the bullies in the process and gets his head shoved into a toilet. But instead of water, the toilet contains a swirling portal that sucks him into another world, largely resembling medieval Europe. There, he is told that he will become the next Demon King due to his black hair and black eyes, traits only possessed by the demon's royal lineage. Yuri's arrival is met with some skepticism by some of the demons, who view him as unworthy to be their king. However, after Yuri wins a duel by utilizing his magical powers, the demons slowly begin to acknowledge him as their monarch. Yuri must now learn what it takes be a true Demon King, as he tries to keep the peace between demons and humans in this strange new realm. When Mitsuki learns that the highschool is going to destroy the old school building, she is saddened at the thought of so many memories being erased. Chitose and the rest of the moms spring into action to stop the demolition. During their efforts, Fumitsuki, Chitose, and Mitsuki finally realize their true feelings. (Source: ANN) One day, Nobita finds a stray dog drowning in a river while playing by the river side. Feeling sorry for the dog, he decides to take it home by hiding it in a "kennel on the wall" and names it Ichi (originated from "One", which sounds similar to "wan", the sound a dog makes according to the Japanese language), and secretly feeds it and plays with Ichi with his Kendama to find. Soon after, he also adopts a stray cat named Zubu (or wet in Japanese, due to the discovery of it in a rainstorm)... and many other stray cats and dogs. With so many stray cats and dogs, Nobita, along with his friends, decide to send them back in time, 300 million years ago, where there was no other living beings around. After using the Ray of Evolution to allow them to operate a food-making machine, they depart, with a promise to return to the present. However, when they try to visit them the next day (from their point of view), they encountered a time-space anomaly, sending them crash landing 1,000 years before their original time-destination— to their surprise, They found out the dogs and cats have evolved enough to form a civilized society that rivaled those of Future Society. As the time machine is broken, they try to find help to repair it so they can continue their chrono-journey, only to learn of a bigger issue — a cluster of asteroids are going to Collide with Earth. Will Nobita finally reunite with Ichi, as he promised? More over, what's with Hachi, a dog who resembles Ichi greatly? The 300 million years of time and space adventure begins. (Source: Wikipedia) Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Stress Team floats over the city, locating stressed out people and transforming them into monsters. To combat this, three girls reluctantly transform into the Sweet Valerians, bunny defenders of justice. (Source: ANN) Naoto Ooizumi is the writer of the CosPrayers TV show, although this is a secret known only to the producer of the show, Mitsuki Ikuta. He has a crush on one of the actresses in the show, Natsumi Yagami. As the show proceeds so does their relationship, with many wacky twists and turns along the way. (Source: ANN) This is a heartwarming story about a family during the Edo era. The main character, Kuritaro, lives with his father and a stray dog. Despite his mother's death, he continues to live a cheerful life. (Source: AnimeNfo) Joe, a red-headed movie buff, and Silvia, his girlfriend, are having a bit of relationship trouble. Silvia feels that Joe is taking her for-granted and wants to do something together for once, so Joe decides to take her to see an old action movie featuring his favorite hero, Captain Blue. What started out as a cute movie date takes a turn for the worst when Silvia is pulled into the movie by the leader of the evil organization, Jado. Joe follows her into the mysterious "Movieland," and is granted a powerful device known as a V-Watch by Captain Blue himself. With it, he transforms into the action hero named "Viewtiful Joe" and goes off to rescue his girlfriend before she can be used by Jado to take over the world. It's a long road to go from average Joe to full-blown hero, but he'll give it his all to save both his girl and the world—and he'll do it in the most "view-ti-ful" way possible. Meet Umi, Sora and Ao, the three hardest working school girls in all of Japan. As the proprietors of the best odd-jobs service around, they'll take on any task and guarantee the result! Unfortunately, spending your whole day doing other people's homework and cleaning sewers doesn't leave much time to go to school yourself, so when the girls take on the task of convincing someone else to go back to school, it may prove to be their hardest job ever! Have these junior Jills of all trades finally met their match? Find out in Grrl Power! (Source: AniDB) Yakitate means "fresh baked", but the word "Japan" is actually a pun - pan means bread in Japanese, so Kazuma is out to make Japan, a unique Japanese bread to compete with the best bread from around the world! Azuma became obsessed with bread when he was six years old. His sister yelled that their family should start having bread for breakfast sometimes, but their grandfather refused to even consider it, as he would only eat natto, miso soup, and rice for breakfast. Kazuma agreed, saying he didn`t like bread, but his sister kidnaps him and takes him to a bread store to show him the wonders of fresh-baked bread. Not only is Kazuma converted, but the owner discovers that Kazuma has the magical "Hands of the Sun" whose warmth makes them particularly suited to making bread. The owner packs up shop and goes to Tokyo to fulfill his dream of making Japan, but Kazuma continues his bread-baking dream as well, and ends up going to Tokyo himself when he`s sixteen, to compete for a spot at the foremost bread store in Japan - Pantasia! Jouji Gouda is a new transfer student at Hakuryo High. He fell in love at first sight and boldly proposed to Akane Suzumiya, representative of his class, on his first day at the new school. Although Akane finds him very annoying, hot-blooded and simple-minded Jouji never gives up and would do anything to express his love towards Akane.  Rushuna is a blonde and very beautiful Senshi (gun expert) that travels through the world with one purpose. Which is to make the world a peaceful place by, instead of fighting with weapons, taking away the people's will to fight by giving them a smile. Although she doesn't want to fight, she is forced to, and shows amazing gun skills. In this journey she meets Yajirou, a mercenary that uses a sword to fight and joins her on her journey. (Source: ANN) Surreal gag-packed story about curious kid and his companions. Recap episode aired between episodes 32 and 33. Mametarou is a Crossbreed and this is about his daily activities and the friends he makes with his girlfriend, Hanako. There isn't a single person in Sakuradamon High who hasn't heard the legends about Seiji "The Mad Dog" Sawamura's demonically powerful right hand. His reputation makes it fairly difficult for him to approach girls, and after being rejected 20 times straight, he half-jokingly vows to finish high school with his right hand for a girlfriend. Much to his surprise, after waking up the next morning, Seiji discovers that his demon right hand has mysteriously turned into a miniature girl, Midori Kasugano, who reveals that she has had a crush on Seiji for the past three years. Because their situation is not ideal for either of them, Seiji attempts to return Midori to normal. But after causing a big misunderstanding at the Kasugano household, the pair decide to keep their predicament between them until a solution is found. Thus begins an odd relationship, and what could be the only chance for Midori to finally be with the one she loves. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When the company president finds himself in a pinch, Salaryman Man is there to save the day! Morioka Kouhei wants to become a photographer. Unfortunately, he has the tendency to unintentionally capture the images of ghosts on film. One day, he visits an old castle in Germany where he meets a vampire girl, Hazuki. It turns out that Hazuki is confined in the castle against her will. She tries to turn Kouhei into her slave by sucking his blood, with the intent to have him break the device sealing her in the castle. Although Kouhei proves to be immune to the vampire's curse, he is eventually forced to help her. Hazuki successfully escapes from the castle and leaves for Japan to look for her mother. When she arrives in Japan, she goes to Kohei's house where he lives with his grandfather, who agrees to take in the girl. Due to his own childhood experiences, the sympathetic Kouhei agrees to aid Hazuki in her quest. However, other vampires, including Elfried and Count Kinkell, manage to track Hazuki to Japan. They will stop at nothing to retrieve her. (Source: AnimeNfo) Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex 2nd GIG. The shorts feature the antics of the Tachikoma think tanks of Section 9 and usually involve plot points. The average short time is a little over a minute. Adapted from the popular storybooks of the same name by Yutaka Hara, Kaiketsu Zorori follows the adventures of a scheming fox named Zorori, who is determined to become the King of Mischief with his very own castle and beautiful bride.  Although Zorori is notorious for his pranks and tricks, his conniving plots often backfire and end up helping his targets, and despite appearing to be villainous and immoral, he is actually caring and sentimental.  Nevertheless, Zorori has the wits, intelligence, and dexterity to always find a solution out of the most hopeless of situations.  Travelling with a pair of twin boar bandits, Ishishi and Noshishi, he continues on his journey to make his deceased mother proud. This is the missing Hot Springs episode included in the unrated boxset of Maze: Mega-Burst Space. Before the beginning of the series, three OVAs were produced for the sole purpose of introducing the characters. The first two were released on DVD bundled with two drama CDs, with the third being sold separately. It is unknown if these will ever be released outside of Japan. The first OVA is a re-enactment of the first chapter, where Negi first learns of his job as a teacher and is introduced to the students of Mahora Academy 2-A. It ends with profiles of the Baka Rangers (Asuna, Makie, Yue, Ku Fei and Kaede) as well as Ayaka. Asuna is the only girl in the class that doesn't have romantic feelings for Negi. The second OVA is a re-enactment of the "love potion" incident of chapter 2, with profiles at the end of Nodoka, Konoka, the cheerleaders (Misa, Madoka, Sakurako) as well as Kazumi. The third OVA is a re-enactment of chapter 13: Negi's Mahora tour with the Narutaki twins. The tour shows Negi to several of the students (Yuna, Akira, Chao, Satsuki, Satomi, Chizuru, Natsumi, Zazie) as well as others that he ends up missing (Sayo, Evangeline, Chachamaru, Chisame, Misora, Ako). After being chewed out by Haruna for completely skipping her, a final scene introduces Setsuna and Mana, keeping watch from something on campus. (Source: Wikipedia) After successfully returning to Earth on the renovated Stratos 4, the four main characters are visited by the Comet Blasters Chizuru Kubo and Annette Kerry, who bring them a shocking video.  Meanwhile, Orbital Station 7 is in serious trouble... This two-episode OVA comes between the first and second seasons. (Source: ANN, edited by Glenn Magus Harvey) As a talented young acrobat, Sora has dreamed of sharing a stage with the performers of Kaleido Stage, a world renowned circus that combines graceful acrobatics, dazzling costumes, and stunts that keep audiences on the edge of their seats. She makes the move from Japan to California to audition for the show, in hopes of one day basking in the glitz and glamour. However, finding her place in such a competitive world will not be easy. Sora will shed blood, sweat, and tears on her path to becoming a performer, buoyed by the friends she makes along the way. Of course, there will also be rivals and other individuals who do not believe Sora has what it takes to shine as brightly as Kaleido Stage needs her to. Sora will need to endure these trials and tribulations in her quest to become a star, earning the respect of both those who doubt her abilities and by those who are threatened by her. Watch as Sora flies through the bright lights in Kaleido Star ! Sora Naegino has finally consolidated herself as Kaleido Stage's greatest star ever, and a new star starts to shine as Rosetta Passel is selected to participate in the next attraction in a main role. But when things start to go wrong in the rehearsals, Rosetta starts to question her abillity to take the role, as her own capacity to remain in Kaleido Stage. Meanwhile, Fool also struggles with his demons from the past. A land forever covered in ice... A princess missing for ten years... And one high-spirited ninja named Naruto! Naruto and the rest of Squad 7 take on a new mission: bring popular movie star Yukie Fujikaze to the Land of Snow, where they're filming the final scenes of her latest movie. Trouble is, she's even more headstrong than Naruto, and she doesn't want to go! Her reluctance may be connected to what else lies in wait for them--three rogue Snow ninja and a tyrannical ruler seeking the key to a mysterious treasure... (Source: VIZ Media) Shobu has returned after his 3 years training with all his friends in Battle Arena tournament. However, Shobu encounters a new enemy Zakira and his followers, the Fua Duelists. Zakira is a strong kaijudo duelist like Hakuoh. After kidnapping Hakuoh, they turn him into an enemy! Shobu and his friends try to stop them, but will they make it in time? Or will Shobu lose everything and end up devastated!? (Source: DuelMasters.wikia.com) Azmaria Hendrick gives some background information on characters and the setting, with flashback scenes from the Chrno Crusade series itself. Released with DVD volumes 2-12. The mysterious island of Houraijima has reappeared after 50 years, and with its reappearance has brought the attack of four gods, the Shitoushin, who have their eyes set on the powers that protect and sustain the island. Now it's up to Inuyasha and his friends, along with Sesshoumaru, to find a way to defeat the powerful Shitoushin. (Source: ANN) Luffy and crew go to an island searching for a legendary sword, said to be the most expensive in the world. Soon attacking marines and beautiful maidens split the crew. Zoro betrays the crew to help an old friend, Luffy and Usopp wander through a cave, and the rest help a village fight marines. When Zoro defeats Sanji he takes the sacred pearls that are the only defense against the evil sword that will plunge the world into darkness. (Source: ANN) Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time! Many people have fond memories of meeting a certain teenage boy in their younger years. However, their ages vary widely, and each remembers him as a teen. This story follows the intricate intertwining of their various stories and how this young man, who apparently lives outside of time, has affected each of them. Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! Two weeks have passed since the dilemma between Maiku, Karen and Miina was resolved, but their lives are more hectic than ever. Karen has become possessed in her newly discovered brother and Miina is desperate for attention as well, which leaves little time for Maiku to concentrate on his work. Therefore he decides to head out in the woods and set up a camp, where he can be work in peace. But, as always, we have Morino who is up to no good. To make things a bit more interesting, she organizes a field trip to Maiku's camp site, and encourages everyone to make some good summer memories. Meet Suzuki Mika, teacher at Okitsu High School. Mika-sensei is a good teacher, but she has a small problem... literally. Although she's 27, she is only 148 cm tall, and has the face of a child. As a result, it is often difficult for Mika-sensei to get anyone to take her seriously. (Source: ANN) A TV series from Monkey Punch with a 1-hour premiere episode. Mankatsu will feature standard "Monkey characters" and ecchi-gags found in all Monkey Punch series. Tanaka Yukio, better known by his nickname Koyuki, is a 14-year-old who feels disconnected from life in general. Through the act of saving a mismatched dog, he meets guitarist Minami Ryuusuke, and becomes involved in Ryuusuke's new band BECK. Koyuki's life starts to change as the band struggles toward fame. Summer has arrived, and many Pokemon have set up shops for a summer festival on the beach. Soon the gang will be blessed by a special performance from the pop idol Azumarill, but upon her arrival, she's kidnapped by the flying Pokemon Skarmory! Pikachu, along with Plusle, Minun, Meowth, Wobbuffet and a number of other Pokemon must now track down the singing beauty; the show must go on! (Source: Anime-Planet) The Chojin Crown, the tournament which Mantaro (Kid Muscle) reluctantly participates in. After going along with the obstacles (most of which were created to try and eliminate him), he qualified. (Source: Wikipedia) Futari wa Precure protagonists Nagisa Misumi and Honoka Yukishiro are about as different as two people can get. Nagisa is the captain of the lacrosse team, a lover of food, and a hater of homework. Honoka loves to learn, working with the science club and earning the nickname "The Queen of Knowledge" from her fellow classmates. Their lives are unconnected until one day, when a mysterious star shower unites them. Nagisa and Honoka meet Mipple and Mepple, two residents of the Garden of Light. Their homeland has been conquered by the evil forces of the Dark Zone who now have their sights set on the Garden of Rainbows: Earth. With powers from the Garden of Light, Nagisa becomes Cure Black and Honoka becomes Cure White. Together, they are Pretty Cure! Now Pretty Cure must locate the Prism Stones, the only power strong enough to defeat the Dark Zone and repair the damage done to the Garden of Light. Will these magical girls be able to protect their home from the evil that threatens it? Or will they be sucked into the darkness? The series is centered on 27-year-old homeroom teacher Mika Suzuki (who only looks about half her age) and the eccentric and colorful students of her class. (Source: Wikipedia) Honda Shigeharu is a Major League batter on the rise. His son Gorou is a Little League pitcher who one day hopes to follow in his father's footsteps. Hoshino Momoko is Gorou's school teacher, and the first woman Shigeharu has been interested in since the death of Gorou's mother. The destines of these three individuals will become intertwined as father and son experience both heartbreak and triumph on the baseball diamond. But when an unspeakable tragedy visits the family, it will take everything they have to pick up the pieces and reclaim their dreams. (Source: ANN) One year ago, a UFO containing 150 aliens crash-landed off the shores of Kasai. Because no one could fix their ship, the Japanese Government decided to bestow upon them the designation "DearS" and make them into Japanese citizens, teaching them the language, customs, and culture of Japan. However, in order for them to become more familiar with human society, a home-stay program has been enacted to allow them to mingle with other humans. One misty morning, a truck carrying a capsule that housed one of these aliens ends up dropping it into the riverbank, releasing her from her confinement. She is eventually found by a high school student named Takeya Ikuhara, who saves her from being hit by a truck and takes pity on her, despite being extremely distrustful of their race and wanting nothing to do with them. Upon being named Ren, she imprints upon him as her "Master" and serves as his personal "Slave," leaving him with a "DearS" who wants to remain with him no matter what and bringing his ordinary, alien-free days to an end. Three hundred years ago, in the frigid land of Siberia, Jubei Yagyu engaged in a fierce battle with Kitaretsusai of the Northern Yagyu clan. The duel was costly, as his daughter Freesia was frozen in suspended animation. As a result of global warming in the present day, Freesia breaks free from her icy grave and moves to Japan as a middle school transfer student, where she befriends Jiyuu Nanohana. Little does Jiyuu know that Freesia is targeting her to acquire the coveted Lovely Eye Patch, which Freesia believes is rightfully hers. (Source: ANN) Sakurada Jun spends his days online, ordering whatever he takes a liking to, only to return it before the payment is due. Due to psychological trauma from school, Jun generally keeps contact with people as little as possible. One day he finds instructions online that tell him to put his order into his desk drawer. Rubbing it off as a joke, Jun mindlessly does so only to find that his order instantly disappears from his drawer. A package suddenly appears, containing a beautiful antique doll. When wound up, this doll comes to life. Sadly for Jun, this doll Shinku views Jun as an equivalent for a servant. Despite the constant demands Jun now receives from Shinku, she slowly helps him overcome his fears of human contact as well as protect him from the deadly battles that come into his life due to her appearance. Based on the manga by PEACH-PIT. Naoki Kuzumi, a junior in high school, had lost his parents in an accident five years ago, and is living with his aunt, uncle, and cousin Matsuri. He always thought his life was ordinary, besides the fact that he can't remember what happened in his youth. One sunny day as he is taking a nap on a bench, a redheaded girl -- Mikoto -- literally falls on him from the sky. For some reason, she thinks he's her younger brother. Naoki's time period is a temporal shelter for those in the future, when many are suffering from an incurable disease. When she heard her younger brother Yuusuke had been taken to Naoki's time, Mikoto herself had gone back in time. (Source: ANN) After his mother passes away, Taro Hanaukyo is invited to his grandfather's home. There, he meets a beautiful maid named Mariel and finds out that his grandfather has retired to a remote island and has given him ownership of his estate. Taro also discovers that not only is the estate a colossal mansion, it has hundreds of gorgeous maids ready to serve him 24 hours a day, seven days a week. (Source: ANN) With the integration only a half a year away the school prepares for the last segrigated semester and the girls are back. Midori plays the matchmaker, from the future, and visits Yuuske and Futaba in their dreams encouraging them in their relationship which finally comes to a conclusion. (Source: ANN) Starting out with the new Galaxy Angel, Chitose Karasuma, the Angel Troupe continue their search for The Lost Technology while running into different kinds of mishaps. (Source: ANN) Chihiro Enomoto is a freshman that just got to a new school called Rikkyoin High School. He lost his parents in a traffic accident when he was 10. Since then, he has been living only with his elder sister Shinobu. He is good at cooking and cleaning, and does all the housekeeping jobs. He fell in love with Tokino at first sight when he met her in the school library on the first day of school. Another girl named Ritsuko, a childhood friend of Chihiro and the chair of student council, falls in the love with the boy instantly after this long-awaited reunion. But she is not the only one who is in love with him. This is the story about a one-year campaign among the candidates for the next students government leaders, who are also chosen by the lot (kujibiki), in order to gain the position. (Source: ANN) The story is about a boy named Mangchi. He is small, but he possesses a magical hammer that helps him get around all his problems. Mangchi lives on a small distant island called Candlestick because everywhere else has turned into a wasteland because of some big catastrophe. When Princess Poplar from the kingdom of Jemius is being pursued by henchmen of the conspirator Moonk, Hammerboy sides with her, ready to unleash all his latent powers in order to save humankind. The movie premiered at the Big Apple Anime Fest on August 30 2003, and went into wide release in South Korea on August 6, 2004. (Source: Wikipedia) Long years after a war destroys most of the earth, Lasty Farson is one of the "angels" sent to points in history to set things right. Lasty is hopelessly clumsy and inept, but once she transforms into Angel Rabbie, she's the best there is. On her first day as a debut angel, she's late, but she is sent to earth and ends up battling old robots from the war--a tall order for a rookie angel. (Source: ANN) AD. 2023, Tokyo. Because of the change of the society such as internationalization and enlargement of the trading, the dark side of the society also continues changing. The criminals are getting deep, and their organizations are increasing its size, then the peace and security is getting worse. The government takes it seriously, and decides to introduce an innovative system. In order to cope with the special criminals, an extralegal police is founded. It is a special criminal team, Warriors, which consists of a few elite members. (Source: AnimeNfo) A short 10 minute film by the non-existant "Houchiku Movie Corporation" After destroying the dark castles and finally defeating the enemy, Scarlett leaves the group to continue on. While Koto and her friends are together, she meet up again with Scarlett expectantly. A new, powerful enemy is back and must be defeated at all costs, he is more powerful than all of the others... but it will take all of their powers to combine and work together as one... Mikan Sakura is a normal 10-year-old girl. Optimistic, energetic, and overall a very sweet child, Mikan is the complete opposite of the aloof, intelligent, and somewhat cold-hearted, Hotaru Imai. Despite their glaring differences, the two girls have been best friends for a very long time. So when Hotaru suddenly transfers to Alice Academy, a prestigious school in the city, her best friend is devastated—especially when she hears of the horrible rumors regarding the academy's harsh treatment of students. Beset with worry, Mikan runs away to see her best friend! Upon her arrival, Mikan learns of "Alices," individuals gifted with various supernatural abilities, and that the school is an institution built by the government to train and protect them. Discovering that she has her own unique powers, Mikan enrolls in the academy, and, after a lot of trouble, finally reunites with Hotaru. Gakuen Alice is a heartwarming comedy that follows Mikan and her friends' adventures in the academy, as well as their attempt to uncover the mysteries surrounding the problematic, fire-wielding student Natsume Hyuuga. [Written by MAL Rewrite] For four young men, love and intimacy are in the air, even though they may not be aware of it. Sensitive Pornograph holds within it two tales of sexual romance for two different couples of men. The first is a tale between two manga artists, Seiji Yamada and Sono Hanasaki. Both are familiar with each other's work, though upon meeting each other, Seiji is shocked to find out that Sono is actually a man, ten years his senior. Love quickly blossoms between the two, but will soon be tested when Seiji begins to hear rumors about Sono's past sexual exploits. In the second tale, Koji Ueno is a part-time pet sitter, hired to take care of a rabbit named Aki for a new client. To Koji's complete surprise though, not only is there no rabbit in the house, but the only thing in the apartment is a bound and gagged man in the closet who says that he is Aki. More troubling than this is that Aki informs Koji that they are both in danger of upsetting the client, and the only way for Koji to get out safely is for them to make love together. Two stories, four men, and the one emotion of love that unites them all in the new twists their lives have taken. Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN) Third grader Takamachi Nanoha stumbled upon an injured talking ferret after hearing his telepathic cries for help. The ferret turned out to be Yuuno, an archeologist and mage from another world who had accidentally scattered the dangerous Jewel Seeds throughout Earth. Without the strength to collect the Jewel Seeds, Yuuno had resumed a ferret form and needed someone else to take on the task for him. He gave a red jewel to Nanoha explaining to her with this she could transform and use magic to combat the monsters that threatened them due to the Jewel Seeds. But the monsters are the least of their worries, as Yuuno and Nanoha are not the only ones out to collect the Jewel Seeds. These three specials came with the DVD release. They mostly depict stories that take place in-between episodes from the main series. Special #1 takes place in-between episodes 2 and 3. Special #2 takes place in-between episodes 3 and 4. Special #3 doesn't fit very well in-between any of the main series, and is more of a side-story. Lily Bridge, a young journalist, arrives at Arkham City, hoping to find a big scoop. However, with all the strange things occuring around the city, only the exceptional findings are news-worthy, such as the mysterious mecha known as Demonbane. However, upon finding a small piece of machinery that seemed to be connected with the Hadou Combine, Lily is determined to find the truth. Little does she know, she enters into a dark world, involving herself with Demonbane and the powerful forces that control the city. (Source: ANN) One day, an ordinal high school girl, Ma$%^&* (her name is left to your imagination), met Cheko, who was a maid came from a village of maids. She could melt, fly, and pull her head off .... Anyway, strange @people began to come, for example, a snow fairly who disliked cold, a large squid that could speak, scary persons, and the like. Pyguru is a world of absurdity drawn by a hope of comedy, Konnotohiro. (Source: AnimeNfo) Ayayam is a pretty hamster who excelled at everything–as a child-prodigy in school, sports and even drawing and writing. One day, however, she overhears her friends making fun of a picture book she loved and had given to one of them. She is so devastated that she decides she doesn’t need friends anymore, locks herself into the library and hasn’t taken a single step outside ever since. The God of Books sympathizes with her and gives her a Magic Quill with which she can effortlessly draw any picture and write any story she wants. Meanwhile, Hamtaro learns that Laura and her fellow students will put on "Sunflower Taro" as their next school play. Hamtaro and friends decide that they, too, want to try their hand at acting and prepare their own version of "Sunflower Taro". In the course of preparing for the play, they are suddenly sucked into a strange Picture Book Tower, where Ayayam tells them that they will be characters in her new book – a new and exciting version of the well-known fairy tale "Sunflower Taro". You can tell that things are getting off to an interesting start – as they always do when the Ham-Hams are involved!! (Source: tms-e.com) Shin-chan and his friends discover an abandoned movie theater where some sort of western film is being displayed to an empty room. Shinnosuke's friends mysteriously disappear thus making the Nohara family start searching for them at the location they were last seen. While looking for the other kids, the Noharas inexplicably find themselves taken into the movie being exhibited. (Source: ANN) A young man moves to the new place. He gradually makes a good relationship with neighbors that live in the same apartment. (Source: aokijun.net) Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things. (Source: ANN) Nishi has always loved Myon since they were little. And now as adults, he wants to pursue his dream of becoming a manga artist and marrying his childhood sweetheart. There's one problem, though. She's already been proposed to and she thinks Nishi is too much of a wimp. But upon meeting the fiancé while at her family's diner and accepting him as a good guy, they encounter a couple Yakuza (Japanese mafia), only to have Nishi grasp a certain revelation. And, with his newly aquired look on life, adventures abound as he, Myon, and her sister Yan escape the Yakuza into a most unlikely location where they meet an old man... (Source: ANN) Based on the third Hamtaro game (fourth in Japan), Prince Bo falls from the sky when the rainbow disappears. Now Hamtaro and the Ham-Hams must help him bring back the rainbow. (Source: Wikipedia) Considered the prequel to the fourth Hamtaro game (fifth in Japan). In this tribute to the 2004 Olympics, Hamtaro and the Ham-Hams are tasked by Prince Bo with lighting the everlasting torch to Hamcropolis. However, the Rainbow Girls will not allow this and pursue the Ham-Hams. (Source: Wikipedia) Sequel to the first series. The time is the near future. Cockroaches and other household pests have become immune to all forms of insecticides. In response to this crisis, a Japanese company has created small, doll-like, insect exterminating robots called Hoi Hoi-san. A competing company has also released their own version, Combat-san. Because of their adorable appearance, these little robots have become somewhat of a phenomenon and have gained many fans. Late at night, in the home of one such fan, Hoi Hoi-san and Combat-san search for insects to exterminate... but Combat-san is not above trying to exterminate Hoi Hoi-san while she's at it. Mitsuki Ikuta works for the Houchiku Corporation, making movies. To all who know her, she is perceived as being a very infantile woman, still wearing childish fashions. A fan of the detective movie genre, she suddenly finds herself chosen to be the main producer of a new film—but it's a "hero movie" (a genre generally considered childish). Determined to succeed, regardless, she takes on the job. (Source: ANN) Pandy and Retro awaken naked on Earth with no recollection of their past. They embark on a devastating crime spree in search of food, clothing and transportation, but are captured by authorities and sent to the infamous lunar penitentiary named Dead Leaves. While incarcerated, they quickly discover that Dead Leaves is also a top-secret cloning facility, occupied by villainous guards and deformed genetic experiments. Ultra-manic chaos and hyper-violent bedlam ensue as they organize a prison break with the aid of their fellow mutant inmates. Thirteen girls, each with the ability to materialize "Elements" and summon metallic guardians called "Childs" have been brought to Fuuka Academy to battle mysterious creatures called Orphans. Each with a different personality and background, they must decide who they truly care about and why they fight. McDull, Prince de la Bun is a 2004 animated Hong Kong film directed by Yuen Toe. Telling the life a the fictional pig McDull, it is a sequel to My Life as McDull (2001) and it was followed by McDull, the Alumni (2006). (Source: Wikipedia) The Extra Identification episode will allow you to match the different costumes in the series to the anime series they are from. Due to the recent events that happened on the last episodes of the season, the Goddess have some stability problems with their body systems. The always adult looking Urd becomes a little girl and has a fateful encounter with a boy, whereas little Skuld becomes an adult and wants to experiment adulthood together with Keiichi. Genjou Sanzou is a Buddhist monk who has been sent by the Emperor on a journey to find the sacred Buddhist scriptures. One day, Sanzou meets an Earth Deity who tells him that Buddha has sent him a disciple: the mischievous Monkey Deity Son Goku, who was sealed inside of a mountain for five hundred years after wreaking havoc in Heaven! Together with the alcohol-loving playboy Cho Hakkai; the heavenly army General Sagojyou; and their horse, the Dragon Crown Prince Ryuuba; there are plenty of adventures to be had from fighting off monsters to bishounen contests. (Source: ANN and AniDB) Bobobo is a man with the incredible power of hearing the voices of hair and using his own to fight. He uses his power to fight off the Margarita Empire and all of Emperor Tsuru Tsurulina's minions who are stealing the hair off of anyone they find to power up their emperor. (Source: ANN) A contest is made by the Fifth Hokage called Jonin vs Genin. The point is to collect crystals for points, with the higher-ranked Chunin and Jonin holding crystals worth more points. The Genin have blue crystals, while the Chunin and Jonin have red crystals. The video shows various fights between the Genin and Jonin, which each instance ending in the Jonin unknowingly losing their crystal (or discarding it). (Source: Wikipedia) Tachikomatic Days short that was released on the Laughing Man DVD. Pikachu and Meowth are on a search: a search for the elusive Pokémon, Mew. They search everywhere! The sea, the sky, the woods...will they ever find Mew? (Source: Bulbapedia) After a 'modified' ending to the Choubimaru incident, the punishments for the offending parties is metted-out, as well as a surprise marriage proposal by Misao to Mashisu. It almost didn't happen... until Mihoshi and Misao's mother Mitoto steps in and gives her and her family's approval, much to the dismay of FORMER G.P. Marshall Minami Kuramitsu. Otherwise, life goes on as usual for the Masaki clan. But soon when the question of how Tenchi's mother had died is presented, the answer nearly causes a rift between Tenchi, his father and his grandfather, for which only Tenchi's future mother-in-law Rea can solve... as well as the resolution of Noike's unusual secret. (Source: ANN) Amano Sakogami is a girl who has an unnatural amount of bad luck. One day, she stumbles into the clubroom of the Better Fortune Research Organization, which consists of a boy and seven other girls who secretly use the power of the luck deities to fight against the Magatsugami, monsters who can affect a person's luck & well-being. Amano soon becomes the club's manager, and joins the club in their fight against the Magatsugami and their controller, Kukitomoe. (Source: ANN) Gyagu Manga Biyori is an anime that is about absolutely nothing. It is comprised of 12 short stories (5 minutes long each) that only build up a small amount of plot for each story. The anime feeds off the stupidest things, but is quite humorous. (Source: ANN) 5 Dream Sequences, dubbed his Delusions. Wet dreams from the imagination of a healthy young male. After a routine raid, the rookie sky pirate Coud finds a most unusual cargo in his mates' cargo hold: Ren, an "Edel Reid", a race prized by humans for granting special combat power to their partners through "Reacting". He quickly discovers, however, that Ren is even more prized than he expected. The pirate ship is visited by three members of the Edel Reid Complete Protection Agency "Arc Aire", who try to purchase her. When Coud refuses, the ship is suddenly attacked by a mysterious force, and Coud's captain charges him with Ren's protection. (Source: ANN) The Futaba Detective Agency, being run by Rentarou, who has taken over the family business, after his father's death 3 weeks ago. Along w/ Sara & Souju, his live-in identical twin assistants. He ends up running afoul of the local Yakuza. (Source: ANN) The theme of this animation is "fashion". (Source: aokijun.net) Stolen from the famous "secret" Air Force base, Area 51, Lupin's most recently stolen treasure holds a secret. Four "Bloody Angels," the toughest women Lupin has ever faced, want the treasure for their own terrorist purposes. Meanwhile Zenigata teams up with a female police officer to hunt Lupin and the terrorists down. (Source: ANN) Sena is like any other shy kid starting high school; he's just trying to survive. Constantly bullied, he's accustomed to running away. Surviving high school is about to become a lot more difficult after Hiruma, captain of the school's American football team, witnesses Sena's incredible agility and speed during an escape from some bullies. Hiruma schemes to make Sena the running back of his school team, The Devil Bats, hoping that it will turn around the squad's fortunes from being the laughingstock of Japan's high school leagues, to title contender. To protect his precious star player from rivaling recruiters, he enlists Sena as "team secretary," giving him a visored helmet and the nickname "Eyeshield 21" to hide his identity. The Devilbats will look to make their way to the Christmas Bowl, an annual tournament attended by the best football teams in Japan, with "Eyeshield 21" leading the way. Will they be able to win the Christmas Bowl? Will Sena be able to transform from a timid, undersized freshman to an all-star player? Put on your pads and helmet to find out! Fifteen years ago, Daiichi Yachiyo Maru, a cargo ship, crashed into a large iceberg in northern Pacific Ocean, and sank, along with the captain and crew. Now, in Nishitama, a ship designer of Yatsushiro Shipbuilder, which belonged to Yatsushiro Financial Combine, suffered from a sudden heart attack while he was driving, and died in a traffic accident. Six months have passed since then. Conan, Ran, and Kogoro are enjoying their trip in the Aphrodite. The Aphrodite is a luxury liner, which is sailing for the Pacific Ocean as its maiden voyage. However, there is a suspicious person, and finally a murder occurs. It's the beginning of a horrible plot occurring in the ocean, where there is no place to escape. (Source: AnimeNfo) The third season doesn`t have a particular story behind everything (like "Valkyrie Ghost" in the second season). It just tells 6 stories about the life of Kazuto & Co. with some additions: Raine and Chorus get a house on earth, the last three Valhalla princesses each get an episode, and in the last episode Kazuto and Valkyrie, who in the same episode managed to stay adult, >try< to marry again. (Source: ANN) Rei goes to an anime convention and ends up in a world created by the desires of anime fans. Rei doesn't know how to get back and the world starts to collapse because the convention is coming to a close. (Source: AniDB) Hashiba Sora has fallen from a 4th story window and has lost all of his memories. When Fujimori Sunao comes to his school as his new room mate, Fujimori tells Hashiba that he is called Ran. Fujimori and Hashiba both have a split personality which they developed in their youth. Their split personalities, Yoru and Ran, are deeply in love. Even though it creeps Fujimori and Hashiba out what their other selves do with each other at night, they also start to fall for each other. Because of their relationship, Hashiba Sora finds out a lot of shocking facts about their youth. After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) 10-year-old Negi Springfield is a wizard-in-training, and needs only to pass one more test in order to become a Master Wizard. Unfortunately, his final task is a bizarre one—to become a English teacher at an all-females boarding school. As soon as he arrives, he completely embarrasses one of his students, Asuna Kagurazaka, and replaces the teacher she loves, which garners her hatred. To make matters worse, Asuna learns that Negi is a wizard, and promises to tell unless he helps her out. But unfortunately, circumstances force them to work together to do many things, from fighting evil wizards to helping the class pass their final exam, with a lot of humor, magic, and romances thrown in. (Source: ANN, edited) Yuuta, Takumi, and Shinobu share a six-tatami room apartment with no bath. The rent is low and it's perfect for poor college students such as themselves. Shinobu is a mysterious, quirky person, who does things on a whim. Takumi is passionate both in work and love, and Yuuta is a simple person with simple dreams and desires. That is, until he meets Hagumi, a petite girl with enormous amount of talent. Hagumi is fondly called Hagu by Shuuji, who serves as Hagu's guardian. Hagu meets Ayumi, nicknamed Ayu, and they become close friends almost instantly. Meanwhile, Ayu falls for one of the boys... The joys of falling in love, the pain of letting go, discovering one's self, and finding the courage to move on—these are some of the things that the characters in Hachimitsu to Clover experience as they take part in the play staged by fate. 17th Anpanman movie. Ikko and the girls of Saienji Buddhist Temple are participating in a game show competition and happen to win a trip to a secluded inn. At the inn, Ikko is presented with the challenge of not awakening while all of the girls are sleepwalking. Story is about the girl Jang Geum who wants to be a cook. She gets accepted as a palace servant. Clever and cheerful Jang Geum quickly finds friends. But all to soon she encounters intrigue and corruption. A Korean/Japanese joint production. Miu wins the grand prize in the local shopping district raffle, which is a free pass for up to four people to Yuniataru Studio, a spa resort. She decides to take Takeya, Ren and Neneko since her grandparents couldn't attend. Tsumami is the half-human, half stag beetle daughter of a female fashion model and a big male stag beetle. She has jaws on top of her head and loves to eat watermelons. She is a troublemaker, causing problems to other people! A funny side side story of the series. Shortly after the fall of the Wicked King, the Queen of the Garden of Light lost her memory and came to Earth, in the form of a 12-year-old girl named Hikari Kujou. Now, she—with the help of Nagisa and Honoka, endowed with new costumes and powers—must find the 12 Heartiels, which hold the key to restoring the Queen's lost memories. For together once again, they are Pretty Cure. (Source: AniDB) The Courageous Warriors of the Garden of Hope have summoned Nagisa, Honoka, and Hikari to protect their kingdom from a witch who plans to steal the Diamond Line, which is a set of jewelry the queen of the Garden of Hope wears to a ceremony every year to replenish the water of the kingdom. The witch plans to resurrect the Dark Lord and if she does so, not only will the Garden of Hope be destroyed, but other kingdoms in the galaxies, including the Garden of Rainbows and the Garden of Light. (Source: ANN) On his way to visit the Queen of the Garden of Light, the Sage of the Garden of Clouds accidentally drops the egg of the Houhou. The egg lands in the Garden of Rainbows, where it is found by Hikari, attracting the attention of a powerful pair of servants of the Dark Lord. (Source: AniDB) Mate Crime: Mine Fujiko and Naomi deal with biological weapons and arms dealer Ramon. A story about a goat and a wolf who become friends on a stormy night, and how they overcome differences and hardships. (Source: ANN) Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In an alternate reality world that resembles Edo Period Japan, Luffy acts as a member of the police. This is made up of two adventures: in the first, Buggy makes trouble in the town; in the second, a mysterious girl named Vivi appears (aired after Episode 253). This special contains several cameos from characters throughout the entire series. A second pair of episodes were aired after episode 290, continuing this story, as part of the New Year's special. Fuu Kasumi is a young and clumsy waitress who spends her days peacefully working in a small teahouse. That is, until she accidentally spills a drink all over one of her customers! With a group of samurai now incessantly harassing her, Fuu desperately calls upon another samurai in the shop, Mugen, who quickly defeats them with his wild fighting technique, utilizing movements reminiscent to that of breakdancing. Unfortunately, Mugen decides to pick a fight with the unwilling ronin Jin, who wields a more precise and traditional style of swordfighting, and the latter proves to be a formidable opponent. The only problem is, they end up destroying the entire shop as well as accidentally killing the local magistrate's son. For their crime, the two samurai are captured and set to be executed. However, they are rescued by Fuu, who hires the duo as her bodyguards. Though she no longer has a place to return to, the former waitress wishes to find a certain samurai who smells of sunflowers and enlists the help of the now exonerated pair to do so. Despite initially disapproving of this idea, the two eventually agree to assist the girl in her quest; thus, the trio embark upon an adventure to find this mysterious warrior—that is, if Fuu can keep Mugen and Jin from killing each other. Set in an alternate Edo Period of Japan, Samurai Champloo follows the journey of these three eccentric individuals in an epic quest full of action, comedy, and dynamic sword fighting, all set to the beat of a unique hip-hop infused soundtrack. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yawaraka Sensha is a short flash movie series, with a strange soundtrack, about a soft and cowardly tank. It became popular on the Internet a few years ago because of its ironic message for the war. (Source: AniDB)  Baikinman is snatched by a black cloud inhabited by a princess who loves black, Kuroyukihime. She is immediately thrilled with him and starts making trouble with him, turning everything black. However, both Dokin-chan and Anpanman are determined to stop her. (Source: ANN) The world of tennis is harsh and highly competitive. Numerous schools from Japan battle it out to determine the best of the best. Seishin Gakuen Junior High School, more commonly known as Seigaku, is one of the most prominent contestants in this battle of the finest. Their team line-up gets even stronger with the sudden arrival of a young prodigy from the West, Ryouma Echizen, who is determined to prove himself and escape the towering shadow of his legendary father. This fine addition changes the team forever. Prince of Tennis follows the heartwarming and inspirational story of Ryouma on his quest to become one of the best tennis players the country has ever seen. He pushes himself hard so that he can one day surpass his father’s name and his own personal expectations. Alongside the rest of the Seigaku team, Ryouma fights to make his and his teammate's dreams come true. OVAs included in the August and September issues of Comic Bun Bun between 2005 and 2009. In 2005 and 2006, the anime came on VHS tapes. It switched to DVD in 2007. Mysterious giant robot easily defeating many powerfull robots from many countries. Whole world is wondering what country made him. Aside from those battles in far little kingdom 3 princesses living. And one of them has constructed her precious friend. (Source: ANN) The third series of Zettai Zetsumei Dangerous Jiisan with the gags continuing on. Just the words "I love you," and everything changes—such is the nature of the bittersweet trials of high school romance. Tenma Tsukamoto, a second year, is on a quest to confess her feelings to the boy she likes. Kenji Harima, a delinquent with a sizable reputation, is in a similar situation, as he cannot properly convey his feelings to the one he loves. Between school, friends, rivalries, and hobbies, these two will find that high school romance is no walk in the park, especially as misunderstandings further complicate their plight. School Rumble is a high-octane romantic comedy full of relatable situations, as Tenma and Kenji both try to win the hearts of those they desire. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In this surreal comedy, the witch Tsukune-chan travels the countryside doling out just deserts, be they good or bad. (Source: AniDB) One day, Manaka Junpei walks to the roof of his school and encounters a beautiful girl falling down from above him and accidentally exposing her strawberry panties. The embarrassed girl runs away before Junpei can find out whom she is. He wishes to become a filmmaker, and this whole experienced seemed like it would make the perfect scene in a movie. And so he goes on a search for the girl with the strawberry panties in order to reenact it all on film. But he will soon discover that finding that one girl will not be that easy... (Source: ANN) My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. An anime about Kei's daily life. Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] On the first day her family moved to their new house, 5-year-old Ami-chan made friends with three talking animals who came out of a door in her bedroom floor, which she finds out leads to Animal Yokocho, another world. The three are Issa, an overly innocent, soft-spoken panda, Kenta, a highly strung, red-scarf-loving bear who puts on an almost constant tough-guy act, and Iyo, a rabbit who usually holds her own well-being and enjoyment over the happiness (and safety) of her friends. Even at only 5 years old, Ami-chan is easily the most rational of the group, and she's a little wary at first, but she eventually comes around and starts spending her free time with them. A typical day involves Ami-chan and the three doing different things to pass the time, often playing a seemingly innocent game, but in AniYoko style. Unfortunately for Ami-chan, the AniYoko version usually turns out to be drastically different, much less logical, and usually more dangerous than the ordinary version. (Source: ANN) This movie is the compilation of the 27 mini-parody episode trailers that ran at the end of every Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight episode, which featured characters depicted in their chibi forms. Hatsune-Jima was once well-known for its cherry trees, which would bloom no matter what time of year it was. Two years ago, the island's cherry trees lost this ability and all became ordinary cherry trees that bloom only in the spring. Jun'ichi Asakura is now a graduating senior at Kazami Academy, and is surrounded by many close friends, old and new alike. On a stormy summer day, a mysterious young girl, Aisia, arrives at Jun'ichi's door. She is looking for Sakura's grandmother to study magic, ultimately hoping to bring happiness to everyone. When she discovers that grandmother Yoshino had long since passed away, she joyfully assumes (thanks to his error in judgment) that Jun'ichi is able to teach her. Even though she finally understands that the only magic he's capable of is conjuring Japanese confections, Aisia continues her search for magic on Hatsune-Jima. Amid the chaos of her search, Kazami Academy hires new medical staff. (Source: ANN) Features super deformed characters and a fake trailer for season 2. This special is a set of short comedy stories involving Gintoki and his equally-broke sidekicks Shinpachi and Kagura. One day, Gintoki and his comrades are out viewing the spring flowers when suddenly the Shinsengumi appear, arguing that Gintoki has taken their flower-viewing spot. Gintoki's team and the Shinsengumi must then battle for the right to sit in that spot by using a violent version of rock paper scissors. (Source: ANN) A double release featuring two Akuei movies; Counterattack of Chelsea and Akuei and His Magic Hammer . A sequel of Akuei to Gacchinpo series.  DVD specials. Akahori Gedou Hour Rabuge is an anime series that combined episodes of two related stories into one broadcast block. Zettai Seigi Love Pheromone Yoshizumi Aimi and Sasajima Kaoruko are comic duo, Their dream is to become popular and stand on the Broadway stage.However, their names are not well-known, and they have to do part-time jobs.To make their names popular, they decided to do side job. It is heroines of justice, They will beat villains one after another, but after that, there is nothing but ruins. People are afraid of them and even rumor that they are evil. (Source: ANN) Soreyuke! Gedou Otometai The five Hokke sisters lost their parents when they were quite young. Although they are poor, they`re living comfortably because they have a dream, which is to be evil. The Hokke Family has belonged to an evil organization and worked as a combatant. When their father died, he left them a message that asked them to become a villain that he couldn`t become. However they wondered how to become the best villains. One day, the youngest sister Utano found a jar. They were told not to open it until they we`re 18. It was sealed by a talisman labeled R18. Akuma-ko broke the seal on the jar and a devil appeared. The demon said they had special powers inside of them, when they have the weapons in their hands they would turn into Gedo Otome Tai. (Source: AnimeNfo) Sequel to the madcap Guardian Hearts OVA series, continuing with Kazuya's misadventures. Third-year high school student Yukari Hayasaka has no time for frivolous things. She needs to study hard and attend cram school so she can do well on her university exams. She doesn't care which university she gets into; she just wants to leave the town she's grown bored of. Too bad her parents have other opinions on the subject. One day, while Yukari is walking down the street, a guy with multiple piercings and bleached hair flags her down. Suspicious of the stranger, she tries to get away from him but fails and ultimately ends up meeting his friends: a group of third-year fashion design students at a prestigious art school. They want her to be their model for their final project, but Yukari thinks it will only get in the way of her studies. But the more she gets to know them, the more she grows to admire the way they go after their dreams. Will modeling for this eccentric group of would-be fashion designers give Yukari a much-needed push to strive for her own goals? And what about her attraction to the group's leader, George Koizumi? Can a relationship between them work? Watch Paradise Kiss to find out! A bonus DVD only episode where the boys go to a hot spring. A Kochikame special that takes place on a fisherman's boat. A Kochikame special pitting Ryoutsu against Aidoru. A Kochikame television special. Morioka Kouhei wants to become a photographer. Unfortunately, he has the tendency to unintentionally capture the images of ghosts on film. One day, he visits an old castle in Germany where he meets a vampire girl, Hazuki. It turns out that Hazuki is confined in the castle against her will. She tries to turn Kouhei into her slave by sucking his blood, with the intent to have him break the device sealing her in the castle. Although Kouhei proves to be immune to the vampire's curse, he is eventually forced to help her. Hazuki successfully escapes from the castle and leaves for Japan to look for her mother. When she arrives in Japan, she goes to Kohei's house where he lives with his grandfather, who agrees to take in the girl. Due to his own childhood experiences, the sympathetic Kouhei agrees to aid Hazuki in her quest. However, other vampires, including Elfried and Count Kinkell, manage to track Hazuki to Japan. They will stop at nothing to retrieve her. (Source: AnimeNfo) Episodes that were only released on the DVD afterwards and didn't air on TV. Episode numbers: 7.5, 9.5, 10.5, 12.5. For a complete list of episodes and the order they're included in the Kamichu! DVD/BD box set, see the More Info tab. During a monster attack on the city, which is something that happens quite often, Silk and her two friends try get close to the attacking monster for a better view. An unfortunate choice of location to watch from leads to UFO-man, the city's giant protector, to land on the girls crushing them to death. Feeling sorry, UFO-man blames their death on the monster and promises to bring Silk and her friends back to life by lending them his power but the catch is that they now have to become the city's protector as well. (Source: ANN) In the future, a junior high student, Kusakabe Sakura, will offend God by inventing immortality so that women will stop aging after they turn twelve. Dokuro-chan is an angel from the future sent to kill him. However, Dokuro-chan thinks that Sakura can be spared, so her idea is to constantly occupy Sakura so that he will never be able to invent the technology. Sometimes the angel will go crazy and kill him with her bat, Excalibolg, but she can revive him easily. "Pi-piru-piru-piru-pi-piru-pi!" 8 DVD only episodes. Long, long time ago there where both science and magic in the human world. But God became afraid of the Human`s unlimited potential, so he divided the world into two and sealed them apart. One world with magic and the other one with science. Suzukaze Sota is a normal boy except that he has the Key in his body to break the Seal. The evil witch Cendrillon want that power and tries to take it. Akazukin and Val, a silver wolf, came from the magic-world to prevent her from that. A grand story of a boy who will lead a checkered life and girls in fairly lands has just begun. (Source: AniDB) It follows the story of a fairy named Mi who is sent to Planet Pandasia to warn the residents about a great evil that threatens to destroy Pandasia. She chooses a heroic panda named Toby to defeat Gold and Silver, two villains who want to collect the seven Beans of Power and rid Pandasia of its colorful, beautiful environment and replace it with a dark wasteland. (Source: Wikipedia) Dr. Black Jack forgot his doctor's bag, and his assistant (plus self-claimed "wife") Pinoko rushed to deliver the bag but found herself lost in the forest. Guided by a butterfly, she found that many animals in the forest are sick or injured, and Pinoko used her knowledge to help those animals. (Source: ANN) Izumi Sawatari and her younger sister, Mitsuki Sawatari, have run away from home and are in need of employment. The only jobs available are as maids in the mansion of 14-year-old millionaire, Yoshitaka Nakabayashi. What seems like simple work is soon revealed to be far more than the girls bargained for when they find Yoshitaka to be an authoritative employer who demands they call him "Master". (Source: Sentai Filmworks) A brief special where the girls pretend to be astronauts. Having failed the Comet Blaster exams mysteriously, Mikaze and her friends are sent back to the Shimoji Island base, where, with three new Meteor Sweeper trainees around, they have been promoted to instructor positions. Meanwhile, more comets are on their way to Earth, and the mysteries behind the rift in the Cosmic Emergency Management Agency—as well as the alien parasites—begins to unravel. Layla is going to perform Phoenix in Broadway. Playing this important role, she sets out on a journey by bicycle alone without leaving any message in order to find out what is missing in her. In desperation, Edward Elric sacrificed his body and soul to rescue his brother Alphonse, and is now displaced in the heart of Munich, Germany. He struggles to adapt to a world completely foreign to him in the wake of the economic crisis that followed the end of World War I. Isolated and unable to return home with his alchemy skills, Edward continues to research other methods of escaping the prison alongside colleagues who bear striking resemblances to many of the people he left behind. As dissent brews among the German citizenry, its neighbors also feel the unrest of the humiliated nation. Meanwhile, Alphonse continues to investigate Edward's disappearance, delving into the science of alchemy in the hopes of finally reuniting with his older brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN) These the DVD extras, including Several omake and a "making of" episode. As night arrives the shadows of Koga fall on Iga and a new threat exists for our lusty vixens. After a torid sexual encounter Yatsurugi Shinobu's best friend Mashiba Aya is infected with a parasitic bug and succumbs to its will. Having the same insatiable urges, the same tragedy is about to happen to Kage Lena. The only known antidote is stored deep within the labs of the Koga Institute and is the only thing which will save Kage Lena. (Source: AniDB.net) Based on the D.C.S.G. game/manga. The story takes place 2 years after the happenings in the first series. A new, mysterious girl appears and attaches herself to Jun'ichi. Who is this new girl and which connection does she have to the Sakura on Hatsune Island. Randou Rino is a young girl with a head full of air and a talking puppet on her hand. She is accepted into the illustrious Gokujou all-girl's school, and is summarily, almost curiously, accepted as part of the even more illustrious Gokujou Student Council, who has more power and business ventures than most large businesses. Now a part of the student council, she befriends the talented members of the Gokujou Student Council, leaving one to wonder how a girl with seemingly no talents or redeeming qualities would get chosen for such a group. (Source: ANN) The Straw Hat crew obtain an advertisement for a recreational island on the Grand Line run by the Baron Omatsuri. Luffy decides to take this opportunity to kick back and relax. Unfortunately, when they arrive at the island, they are asked to compete in contests through unity for access to relaxation. However, there seems to be a mysterious air on the island, as the Straw Hat Pirates begin to fight amongst themselves, while Robin, Chopper, and Luffy individually search for the secret behind Baron Omatsuri's island. (Source: ANN) In B-Daworld, B-Daplayers are searching for the legendary Strike Shot, a type of B-Daball made from fallen star that can enhance B-Daman's abilities. Along the way, B-DaMage gives out hints through B-Daman Broadcasting, for individuals entering Winners tournament, which requires Strike Shot to be eligible to compete. (Source: Wikipedia) Vampires—supernatural beings that feed on the life essence of the unsuspecting at night—have been around for centuries. However, high schooler Karin Maaka is unusual, even among her own kind. Unlike her vampire family, ever since she was a child, Karin has suffered from polycythemia: a rare disorder which causes her to periodically produce excessive amounts of blood. And the more blood she produces, the more anemic and lightheaded she gets, ultimately leading to frequent nosebleeds. Her only solution? Force her excess blood onto random strangers, which surprisingly causes these "victims" to become livelier and happier than before. With her siblings—Anju, her reserved yet affectionate younger sister, and Ren, her womanizing elder brother—helping her abilities remain a secret by altering the affected humans' memories, no one is the wiser. That is, until Karin's newly transferred classmate, Kenta Usui, finds her behavior suspicious. And to make matters even more complicated, Karin feels her blood reacting unusually to Kenta's presence. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Asami Onohara is a seventeen-year old high-school student with a secret which has not been revealed to anyone: She is already married. Her husband, Kyosuke Ichimaru, is a Physics teacher in the same high school as her. However, even though they are officially a married couple, Asami's father forbids them to have any sexual contact until after Asami has graduated. Asami has to hide the fact that she is married to Kyosuke while trying desperately to further their relationship, and it does not help when there are so many interferences and obstacles from her father and other third parties. (Source: ANN) Following her graduation from middle school, Konomi Yuzuhara enters the same high school as Takaaki Kono, her childhood friend. As the new school year begins, they meet their childhood friend Tamaki Kosaka, as well as many new accquaintances. Unbeknownst to the group, their encounters with each other will soon lead to many memorable adventures. (Source: ANN) Kousuke Ueki, a student of the Hinokuni Junior High School, is picked by a Celestial King Candidate, Koba-sen, to participate in a competition where people battle out to become the Celestial King and only the strongest will prevail. Embodied with the ability to turn garbage into trees, Kousuke will be joining in the battle against other junior high school students in this selection. This sets the premise for the earth-friendly battle where the students will pit their powers against the rest, with a reward of the Blank Talent giving motive for students to win. (Source: ANN, edited) Uruno, a useless wolf, is on the road searching for a new place to call home. He soon comes upon a whole forest full of "useless animals"-- that is, animals that don't live up to their species' usual character. After a short fight with the smoking, bad-tempered rabbit, Usahara, Uruno decides that he wants to move on... but changes his mind upon meeting Chiiko, a clumsy cheetah girl. It's love at first sight for Uruno, and after deciding to stay for her, he continues to hope that even though he's a good-for-nothing, he'll win her over someday. That is, if living with the other strange residents of the forest-- including the aformentioned smoking rabbit, a sake-drinking unicorn, a near-sighted eagle, an orca that cannot swim, and a shy pegasus --doesn't get to him first. Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition: whenever girls touch him, or even come close, he breaks out in hives. Imagine his surprise, when he is suddenly transported to the city of Seiren on a mystic world invisibly orbiting the Earth, and populated with vast numbers of women and very few men. Fortunately, he has a new friend, Miharu-chan, whose touch inexplicably doesn't affect him. (Source: ANN) "Cute girls doing cute things in cute ways." Everyday things make up the fabric of life—whether it's making friends, going to school, trying to make money, or celebrating a holiday. Ichigo Mashimaro is a heartwarming series that follows the daily lives of Itou Chika, her sister Nobue, and her friends Miu, Matsuri, and Ana. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yurie Hitotsubashi was just an average middle school student living in the city of Onomichi on Japan's inland sea in the easygoing times of the 1980s. She spent her days worrying about exams and trying to get Kenji, the clueless boy she likes, to notice her. Then during lunch one day she suddenly announces to her friend Mitsue that the night before she had become a goddess. Their classmate Matsuri quickly latches on to Yurie's newfound divinity as a way to promote her family's bankrupt Shinto shrine. She hopes that replacing their hapless local god, Yashima-sama, with Yurie will make the shrine more popular (and profitable). Now, with Matsuri as her manager, Yurie has to grant wishes, cure curses, meet aliens, and attend god conventions. All the while attending school and working-up the courage to confess to Kenji. The DVD/BD box set includes the Kamichu! Specials episodes. For a complete list of episodes and the order they're included in the box set, see the More Info tab. The 11-year-old Miyamoto Rebecca becomes the new teacher of a classroom which is full of weirdos. Despite her cute looks she's a little beast and can be pretty sarcastic and offensive. The school is not safe anymore now that she's in charge of a class and her students, Himeko, Ichijou, Rei and a white rabbit who took a liking to Rebecca help her to rough up the school and the neighbor with its teacher "ojii-chan." (Source: ANN) In a world where humans can have their wish granted via the Goddess Help Hotline, a human, Keiichi Morisato, summons the Goddess Belldandy by accident and jokes that she should stay with him forever. Unfortunately for him, his "wish" is granted. Suddenly, Keiichi is now living with this gorgeous woman all alone, causing him to be kicked out of the all-male dormitory he was staying in. But soon, after they find lodging in a Buddhist temple, Keiichi and Belldandy's relationship begins to blossom. Although they are both awkward and rather uncomfortable with one another at first, what awaits these two strangers could turn out to be an unexpected romance. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the hollow Mysterious Planet, seven kingdoms co-exist, all of them lit by the Sun's Blessing from the Kingdom of the Sun, in the middle of the planet. The light of the core sun is necessary for the continued existence of all the kingdoms. Yet, something is causing the Sun's Blessing to weaken. If something isn't done, it will be the end of life in the Mysterious Planet. Fortunately, the twin princesses of the Sun Kingdom, Fine and Rein, have been endowed with the magic of the Prominence, and are looking for a way to fix things. (Source: ANN) Set in an alternate version of the Meiji Era, a boy named Sakamoto Ryunosuke returns to Kyoto from Shanghai with his monster (youkai) Nekomaru. The law states that in order to live freely with humans, a youkai must be liscensed. The Kidou Shinsengumi Co. Ltd. is responsible for the capture of unliscensed youkais but must fight with the Tsubamegumi, who resents the new law. It turns out that Ryunosuke is the son of the owner of the Shinsengumis. Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! This two-part OVA is a series of shorts in relation to the School Rumble series. This OVA fills in gaps with new content between episodes from beginning to nearly the end. (Source: ANN) Shiratori Ryuushi is a young artist-in-training, about to start studying at a vocational school. Arriving at his new lodgings, Narutakisou, he finds himself the focus of attention for the collection of weirdos that inhabit the place. He also meets and falls for the landlady, Aoba Kozue, who seems to be both lovely and charming. However, Kozue is not what she seems to be... in fact, she's more. (Source: ANN) Tanaka Yukio, better known by his nickname Koyuki, is a 14-year-old who feels disconnected from life in general. Through the act of saving a mismatched dog, he meets guitarist Minami Ryuusuke, and becomes involved in Ryuusuke's new band BECK. Koyuki's life starts to change as the band struggles toward fame. A lazy cat sits comfortably under the "kotatsu", a low table with a heater used in Japan to keep warm during winter. What will he do when he realizes the remote control of his TV is out of reach? Pikachu and his friends have a picnic when they discover a Ghost Festival. The walk in to it, and find out that it is haunted by Ghost Pokemon and other Pokemon such as Koffing, Lickitung, Ditto, and Cubone. Meowth also discovers the Ghost Festival and gets scared out of his mind. Pikachu makes friends with the ghosts, and they work together to make Meowth run out of the Festival. (Source: ANN) Mai, a Santa in training, appears in front of an unlucky boy named Santa on Christmas Eve, promising him that she will make him happy for one night. Satonaka Ikkou, a 16 year old boy, is a first year trainee at the Saienji Buddhist Temple. He was sent there by his parents to be trained by his grandmother, the Saienji Priestess. At the temple he finds himself surrounded by beautiful female priestesses-in-training. Upon seeing a girl naked, Ikko has the ability to turn into a super-monk, performing massive exorcisms for the good of the temple. (Source: ANN) DVD extras featuring characters from the original series In a Japan not quite like our own, the "youkai" (supernatural creatures) have started living together with humans. Now, in an ordinary school, all sorts of "monsters" attend regular classes. A human boy, Oohashi Shingo, finds himself attracted to one of these creatures, a "petopeto" called Fujimura Hatoko. Petoko, as she is called, is a minor monster, with only the power to stick to something she adores. Like Shingo.... (Source: ANN) Yui's father forbids Yui from staying at Junpei's house and decides she'll attend a local High School instead of Oumi Academy. Junpei visits with the intention of straightening out a misunderstanding for Yui's sake. Episode takes place prior to Episode 10 of Ichigo 100% TV series. Two side stories: Chapter L (or chapter 25) about Lohmeyer/Romaiya senpai. Chapter F (or chapter 26) about Miwako finding ways to make fun of Yamazaki. (Source: momento) As summer break arrives for the students, Jun Sakurada is busily studying on his own in the library, making up for time lost while he had confined himself to his home. Meanwhile, his Rozen Maiden doll, Shinku, has been having troubling dreams of late. The pain and sadness of defeating Suigintou was overwhelming, despite the inevitable battle they waged. After waking suddenly from a nightmare, she finds Suigintou's companion spirit wandering; upon giving chase, she discovers that the seventh Doll-- Barasuishou-- has awakened. She now realizes that Suigintou's fate may very well befall the other Dolls, for the appearance of the last Doll signals the beginning of the end of the Alice Games. (Source: ANN) An extension of the summer-arc in the Air TV-series, showing more of what happened during Kanna's, Ryuya's and Uraha's journey to find Kanna's mother. A reflection on what happened during the FMA TV series. Tanaka Tetsuro is excited at getting a full scholarship at a new high school, far away from his family. What he does not know is that he will be the only boy in an all girl school, and that there is a girl head-over-heels in love with him, waiting for his arrival. But his special friendship with the very cute and dynamic Asuka also causes him to get into a lot of trouble with the powerful student council leadership, as they are at open war with Asuka and her five friends, a group of super amazon warriors called the Koi Koi Seven. Extra shorts that come after each episode. This entry also includes the Mai Hime vs. Mai Otome - "Moe"? The Greatest Battle! episode. Completing every job with ruthless accuracy, Train Heartnet is an infamous assassin with no regard for human life. Donning the moniker "Black Cat" in the underground world, the elite killer works for the powerful secret organization known only as Chronos. One gloomy night, the blasé gunman stumbles upon Saya Minatsuki, an enigmatic bounty hunter, and soon develops an odd friendship with her. Influenced by Saya's positive outlook on life, Train begins to rethink his life. Deciding to abandon his role as the Black Cat, he instead opts to head down a virtuous path as an honest bounty hunter. However, Chronos—and particularly Creed Diskenth, Train's possessive underling—is not impressed with Train's sudden change of heart and vows to resort to extreme measures in order to bring back the emissary of bad luck. This assassin turned "stray cat" can only wander so far before the deafening sound of gunfire rings out. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kamikura Hiroki is an art student at the local school Nadesico Academy (High School and college level) whom intends to be an art teacher in the future. He is also the advisor to the high school arts society where his cousin, Housen Elis, attends. While Elis is a painter like Hiroki, Hiroki seems to have given up on his dreams and no longer paints. There appears to be some mysterious trauma in the both of their pasts which may have changed them. Meanwhile, the high school hires a new PE teacher, Kikyo Kiri. On the first day, she bumps into Hiroki and is stunned. Here is the boy she confessed to and he refused her... (Source: ANN) Sendo Kazuki, failed the entrance exam for the art college he was applying to, His childhood friend, Kuhonbutsu Taishi forced Kazuki to enter the doujin (private publishing) world. (Source: AnimeNfo) Natural disasters have devastated planet Zi, killing off almost all life. A thousand years later humans have gradually re-established civilization, salvaging ancient Zoids through diving and mining efforts. In a village whose most previous item is a giant sword which they worship as a holy symbol. A teenage boy discovers an ancient Liger-type Zoid while on a deep water salvage operation. Suddenly the village is attacked by skeletal Bio-Zoids intent on stealing a powerful generator located in the village. Our teenage hero awakens the Liger and discovers that the town`s sacred sword is the Liger`s weapon, together they fight off the mysterious Bio-Zoids. At least for now... (Source: AniDB) Dreaming of a magical world every night, the young Toramizu Ginta yearns to be able to go there. With only his friend Koyuki believing in his dreams, Ginta remains positive despite the slander he receives from others over his dreams. But his wishes are answered, as one day a large door appears in front of Ginta, summoning him to the land of MAR Heaven. In this land, the weapons known as ARMS exist. While initially Ginta greatly enjoyed the discovery of this magical world, he soon learns of the terrible wars that have once plagued MAR Heaven and the upcoming war that may soon appear. Shuffle! Prologue is a short OVA teaser for the Shuffle! anime series based on the visual novel of the same name. While some of the animation was reused for the first episode of the anime series, most of Shuffle! Prologue is unique animation not repeated in the series, although the story itself is retold. (Source: Wikipedia) Mikan Sakura is a normal 10-year-old girl. Optimistic, energetic, and overall a very sweet child, Mikan is the complete opposite of the aloof, intelligent, and somewhat cold-hearted, Hotaru Imai. Despite their glaring differences, the two girls have been best friends for a very long time. So when Hotaru suddenly transfers to Alice Academy, a prestigious school in the city, her best friend is devastated—especially when she hears of the horrible rumors regarding the academy's harsh treatment of students. Beset with worry, Mikan runs away to see her best friend! Upon her arrival, Mikan learns of "Alices," individuals gifted with various supernatural abilities, and that the school is an institution built by the government to train and protect them. Discovering that she has her own unique powers, Mikan enrolls in the academy, and, after a lot of trouble, finally reunites with Hotaru. Gakuen Alice is a heartwarming comedy that follows Mikan and her friends' adventures in the academy, as well as their attempt to uncover the mysteries surrounding the problematic, fire-wielding student Natsume Hyuuga. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Munakata Mira is in love with his father, the famous Hollywood actor Munakata Kyousuke. Unknown to the public, both of them are father and son as well as lovers. When Mira turns 15 and enters high school, he faces trouble with his childhood friend falling in love with him. Also, finding out he is adopted only distresses him further. Then there's the problem of Kyousuke probably marrying a famous actress, whose son seems to have an interest in Mira. (Source: ANN) After the events of the Lost Logia case, Nanoha waits patiently for the day she can reunite with her newfound friend, Fate. Although being an exceptionally powerful mage, Nanoha spends her days normally with her friends on Earth. But peace is once again suddenly shattered, as Nanoha is without warning attacked by a powerful mage. A group of violent mages have been attacking anything with magic power for their own goals. Nanoha and Fate, along with their friends Yuuno, Arf, Chrono and the Space/Time Administration Bureau must once more band together to stop these renegade mages from hurting anyone or anything else. Takes place after the first season of Lyrical Nanoha. In present times, Gods and Demons coexist together with Humans after the door between each of these worlds had opened. Tsuchimi Rin is a normal young high school student attending Verbena Academy, spending his days living peacefully with his childhood friend Kaede. Unexpectedly, one day the King of Gods, the King of Demons and their families move into be Rin's next door neighbors. Apparently the daughter of the Gods, Sia, and the daughter of the demons, Nerine, are both deeply in love with Rin after having met him in the past. Along with his playful friendship with upperclassmen Asa and his encounter with the silent but cute Primula, Rin has much on his hands dealing with the affections of each of these girls. Based on the eroge by Navel. Yuuko receives a letter from an unknown sender. It is an invitation to an auction. Seven avid collectors were invited to an old mansion. They all admit that they accepted the invitation to complete their collections. They waited for the host, but he does not make an appearance. And one by one the collectors disappear. The strange host and a mysterious girl. A night where odd things happen one after another. What is being auctioned? Who is the host? The cunning and foolish people who are obsessed with "possessions" and the host's "timeless" passion. What is waiting at the end of this enigmatic series of riddles? And what is the conclusion of the sad love story behind them? Mystery leads to mystery, and reaches the unexpected! (Source: Production I.G.) Seto Ichitaka has a crush on Yoshizuki Iori, a girl in his class who has become so popular she now has her own fan club at school. But only a miracle could make him be with her, since the day he first saw Iori-chan, Ichitaka has been too shy to even talk to her. This miracle happened and now he and Iori are working together on the Freshmen Welcoming Party. It seems that things start to look bright for Seto, but then a special childhood friend is coming for a visit... (Source: ANN) Hyoutei Gakuen's strange (but impossibly wealthy) captain Atobe Keigo decides to throw a giant birthday party for his friend and teammate Kabaji. He invites the rest of the Prince of Tennis cast. Together they participate in many different sports and events: dancing, swimming, soccer, a relay race, and more. (Source: ANN) The citizens of Turkey's Hill model a bizzare American-esque town and engage in non-sequitur behavior. (Source: ANN) The thirteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Kotencotenco is a gag strip anime for young children featuring the flourishes of the Prince of the country of the Paradice, Kotenco. Kotenco guards the “Angel Star” for the Queen in the Paradice. Kotenco is a very good child, but when the bad spirits rise, Kotenco transforms into Matenco. Unlike Kotenco, Matenco is a very naughty child and troubles everyone. But don't worry! By changing the angel ring, Matenco goes back to being Kotenco. Will Kotenco be able to guard the “Angel Star” from the ruler and the Devil of the Country of the Ground, who is aiming for the Paradice? Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia) Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things. (Source: ANN) In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN) Naruto, Shikamaru, and Sakura are executing their mission of delivering a lost pet to a certain village. However, right in the midst of things, troops led by the mysterious knight, Temujin, attack them. In the violent battle, the three become separated. Temujin challenges Naruto to a fight and at the end of the fierce battle, both fall together from a high cliff. Furthermore, Shikamaru, having been left behind, beholds a giant moving fortress as it appears before his very eyes. In order to get a grasp on the situation, he infiltrates the fortress by himself, however once there he witnesses a frightening sight... (Source: ANN) 3D IMAX movie, shown only at the Suntory Museum in Osaka. Further continuation from the Ichigo 100% TV series. Four episodes in length, comprised mostly of side-story elements such as a Spring Festival featuring Cosplay, Junpei's adventure to return a notebook to Yui's friend who atteneds the All-Girl Oumi Academy, summer work at Sawayaka to help cover production costs and last, but not least.. the Strawberry 'Pantsu' Invaders. This OVA features two new characters. (Note: Best if viewed after the Jump Festa 2004 OVA, or in other words.. "last", but could be substituted and watched prior to the Jump Festa OVA.) In the Fifth Year of the Keicho era, the Tokugawa clan sought to solidify their control of Japan. Hidetada Tokugawa has come to the doorsteps of Ueda Castle with the intentions of having the Sanada clan open its doors to him. But the Sanada and their retainers have other plans... (Source: ANN) Arika Yumemiya has traveled far in search of her goal: the prestigious Gualderobe Academy. This is the school where young girls are trained to become Otomes, protectors of royal leaders throughout the lands. Here, Arika makes plenty of friends, but some enemies know something about her past that she does not. Nevertheless, her spirit and determination will keep pushing her forward. Adapted from its predecessor, Mai-HiME, this series is not a direct sequel, but an alternate universe setting featuring some of the Mai-HiME cast (though with different personalities). (Source: ANN) On her day off, Tessa wakes up in her commander chair. After regaining her composure, she notices that her favorite stuffed animal is missing and thus tries to remember what actually transpired the night before. To do so, she will spend time with all the main characters of the Danaan crew, and eventually recalls the events of the previous night. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Lily went to an amusement park using the frog as its symbol character with her parents. At the Frog Castle of the park, she happened to draw a sword. It was said that the Frog King would grant any wish if one beat the big snake with the sword. When Lily beat the snake, she went to the Frog Land and met the Frog King. The king said she would become a frog if she couldn't open the Gate of Hope until a child would hatch from the roe in front of her. Suddenly, a man in suits appeared. His name was Knodo, and he was supposed to become her little brother. Lily thought it strange, and she ran away from him. He chased her. Then, they fell over into the water head over heels. (Source: AnimeNfo) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. A CG animated film by Riichiro Mashima. A new breed of ski jumping has been born: pair ski jumping! This is a promotional movie for the new sport using CG graphics to demonstrate its possibilities. Shana-tan specials bundled with the first and fifth volume pre-orders of the Shakugan no Shana DVD, the limited edition Shakugan no Shana guide book, and the limited edition Shakugan no Shana Movie preview DVD special. Episodes #1: Shakugan no Shana-tan #2: Shakugan no Shana-tan Returns #3: Itadaki no Hecate-tan #4: Banjou no Carmel-san Five girls came to a training school to become voice actresses holding each thought in her mind. Momoko - she wanted to be a voice actress to meet her favorite voice actor. Rinka - she is an armature voice actress, but she didn't have special purpose to become voice actress. Yurika - she likes anime very much. Tsubasa - she was a girl in love, and acted only as a boy. Amane - she found a deadlock as a actress and tried to find another way. They managed to get over the difficulty to become voice actress although they couldn't perform as main characters yet. There is a love romance with a boy works for an anime company, and you can catch a glimpse of situations of anime industries. (Source: ANN) Tachikomatic Days short that was released on the Individual Eleven DVD. When Pikachu and friends decide to stop by a tropical island for some rest and relaxation, they got more than they had bargained for after Chatot discovers a Treasure Map! They follow the map to Wailord’s Tear, a mysterious place located in a sunken pirate ship. Will Pikachu and friends find the treasure? What mysteries and dangers are in store? Will our pals return safely? Find out in Pikachu’s Ocean Adventure! (Source: Bulbapedia) Kitty and Mimmy come upon the Apple Forest thanks to the help of a forest fairy. The fairy kingdom welcomes them as the "Twin Heroines" and ask that they save the princess. The key to the rescue is a golden apple and so the sisters' adventure beings. Mister is a "coyote" or space faring outlaw who has been sitting in prison for a year for a traffic offense. Ten days from release, he breaks out with the help of his old partners Bishop and Katana. He then seeks out Franka who has been left in his care by her dead father and takes her on a journey to find her father's treasure. On their heels are the federal investigators Angelica and Chelsea as well as the android assassins of the Criminal Guild, Madame Marciano's Twelve Sisters. (Source: ANN) Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière is a self-absorbed mage in a world of wands, cloaks, and royalty. Although she studies at Tristain Academy, a prestigious school for magicians, she has a major problem: Louise is unable to cast magic properly, earning her the nickname of "Louise the Zero" from her classmates. When the first year students are required to perform a summoning ritual, Louise's summoning results in a catastrophic explosion! Everyone deems this to be yet another failure, but when the smoke clears, a boy named Saito Hiraga appears. Now Louise's familiar, Saito is treated as a slave, forced to clean her clothes and eat off the ground. But when an unfamiliar brand is found etched on Saito's hand from the summoning ritual, it is believed to be the mark of a powerful familiar named Gandalfr. Wild, adventurous, and explosive, Zero no Tsukaima follows Saito as he comes to terms with his new life and as Louise proves that there is more to her than her nickname suggests. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sunao Konoe starts her first day at a new school and is surprised to find that there is no drama club. So, she decides to make one of her own. But between a childhood friend showing up, the crazy student body, and the arrogant student council president blocking her at every turn, it seems that actually creating the club is going to be more difficult than she thought. (Source: ZomgAnime) Twenty-two-year-old college dropout Tatsuhiro Satou has been a hikikomori for almost four years now. In his isolation, he has come to believe in many obscure conspiracy theories, but there is one in particular which he holds unshakable faith in: the theory that the evil conspirator behind his shut-in NEET (Not in Employment, Education or Training) status is the Nihon Hikikomori Kyokai (NHK)—an evil and secret organization dedicated to fostering the spread of hikikomori culture. NHK ni Youkoso! is a psychological dramedy that follows Tatsuhiro as he strives to escape from the NHK's wicked machinations and the disease of self-wrought isolation, while struggling to even just leave his apartment and find a job. His unexpected encounter with the mysterious Misaki Nakahara might signal a reversal of fortune for Tatsuhiro, but with this meeting comes the inevitable cost of having to face his greatest fear—society. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Yamada sisters, Kyou (15) and Asu (9), are students studying in secondary and primary schools respectively. Their mother passed away and their father ran away after incurring gambling debts. Despite the difficult circumstances, both of them decide to overcome the unhappiness and welcome their days with enthusiasm and pride. Fortunately, with the change in the law system several years ago, Kyou is able to study and simultaneously take temporary jobs (such as distributing newspapers and tutoring) to make ends meet. On the other hand, Asu takes charge of household chores, prepares meals, and manages the finances to assist her older sister. Surrounding them are also good and kind neighbors such as the novelist, Saegusa-san, and the aunt at the public bath who watch over them. Although life is difficult and at times painful, the sisters are happy to have each other. (Source: ANN) Kazuki has been awaiting 10 years for the day when her neighbours moved back to their old house. She has a crush on Yuuji, whom she considers as her first love but to whom she never managed to express her feelings for him before they moved out. Yuuji often comes over to play with Kazuki, Kazuki's older sister Hatsune and Yuuji's sister Marie when they were kids. Her ideal depiction of Yuuji was soon shattered when he turned out more than she had expected, him acting all ecchi during their reunion. With their parents off in South America, both families must learn to live with each other and rekindle the childhood feelings they shared together. Things get even more crazy as they attend the same school. (Source: ANN) Haruma Kawagoe is an only child. A long time ago, at Christmas time, his mother miscarried the child that was to have been his baby sister. That night, young Haruma knelt down and offered up an earnest prayer: "Please make my mother well again, and please give me a little sister." Years have passed, and Haruma has nearly forgotten his prayer. But Santa hasn't.... one Christmas, when Haruma is least expecting it, he gets an unusual present - his sister. (Source: ANN) Based on the American cartoon, "The Powerpuff Girls." Professor Utonium and his son Ken are studying the strange Chemical X. When a mochi cake falls into the formula, it changes into Chemical Z. Ken fires a ray of Chemical Z at a glacier in Tokyo Bay, however that causes strange black and white lights to scatter. The black lights turn its victims into monsters, with emphasis on a black light hitting a zoo monkey and transforming him into Mojo Jojo. The white lights, however, aim at three normal girls, Momoko, Miyako, and Kaoru. This gives them the power to transform into superheroes, the Powerpuff Girls Z! In this exhilarating series paying homage to classic 50s era science fiction, the disappearance of revolutionary G-Reaction engines is but the beginning of the ghastly end for mankind. While deranged alien forces prepare a fleet of flying saucers to the invasion of all invasions, teenage geniuses Penny Carter and  Billy Kimura join forces with a clandestine secret alliance to save humanity from the extra-terrestrial helmet worms and their tentacles of doom! Avoiding alien attacks and dodging disintegration rays won't be easy, but these courageous kids will have help from above as Ace pilot James and his mentor Cpt. Clayton enter the fray to stave off a threat incomprehensible to mere mortals! (Source: DVD) The TV adaptation of the ONA series. Unlike the ONA, which has 10 episodes, this series has 12 episodes. One day Mori Kogoro's private detective agency receives a blackmail call. It turns out that the caller has dialed the wrong number. Conan is able to identify the voice on the phone, it's similar to that of his old friend Heiji, who's also a high school detective but in Osaka. They join once again forces to solve the case and find the jewel which was stolen. But they are not the only ones who are after the jewel. The notorious master thief Kaitou Kid has taken an interest in this piece, which is worth 100,000,000 Yen, as well and now it's up to Heiji and Conan to be the first to find the culprit and acquire the jewel. (Source: AniDB) Losing a loved one is so painful that one may sometimes wish to be able to resurrect them—a weakness that the enigmatic Millennium Earl exploits. To make his mechanical weapons known as "Akuma," he uses the souls of the dead that are called back. Once a soul is placed in an Akuma, it is trapped forever, and the only way to save them is to exorcise them from their vessel using the Anti-Akuma weapon, "Innocence." After spending three years as the disciple of General Cross, Allen Walker is sent to the Black Order—an organization comprised of those willing to fight Akuma and the Millennium Earl—to become an official Exorcist. With an arm as his Innocence and a cursed eye that can see the suffering souls within an Akuma, it's up to Allen and his fellow Exorcists to stop the Millennium Earl's ultimate plot: one that can lead to the destruction of the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] DVD specials. Ten years after the Holy War in Hong Kong, Mochizuki Jirou, aka the Silver Blade, and the lone hero who fought and defeated the Kowloon Children despite the loss of his lover, returns to Japan with his young brother, Mochizuki Kotarou. The two quickly discover that the Kowloon Children who survived the Holy War are seeking to infiltrate the "Special Zone", a thriving city protected by an invisible barrier that will not allow Kowloon Children entrance, unless they're invited. Red Bloods refers to the humans; Black Bloods are the vampires, and the Mochizuki Brothers are Old Blood, the last descendants of an elite clan of vampires. When Kotarou is abducted by one of the Kowloon Children, Jirou has no choice but to fight once more. (Source: ANN) Sena is like any other shy kid starting high school; he's just trying to survive. Constantly bullied, he's accustomed to running away. Surviving high school is about to become a lot more difficult after Hiruma, captain of the school's American football team, witnesses Sena's incredible agility and speed during an escape from some bullies. Hiruma schemes to make Sena the running back of his school team, The Devil Bats, hoping that it will turn around the squad's fortunes from being the laughingstock of Japan's high school leagues, to title contender. To protect his precious star player from rivaling recruiters, he enlists Sena as "team secretary," giving him a visored helmet and the nickname "Eyeshield 21" to hide his identity. The Devilbats will look to make their way to the Christmas Bowl, an annual tournament attended by the best football teams in Japan, with "Eyeshield 21" leading the way. Will they be able to win the Christmas Bowl? Will Sena be able to transform from a timid, undersized freshman to an all-star player? Put on your pads and helmet to find out! In 3 short scenes with chibi-versions of Sora, Layla, May and others you'll find out how to cook, how to play with diabolo and learn some words from seal language. (Source: ANN) Kogoro and Conan came to Yokohama according to a request from a mysterious man. But that was a trap of this man. Ran and the Detective Boys will be taken as hostages. If they don't solve the request of the man within 12 hours, the bombs attached to the hostages will explode. Furthermore, the man know that Conan's true identity is Kudo Shinichi. Also Hattori Heiji, the High School Detective of the West, and Kaito Kid enter the stage. Will they be able to solve the mystery within the time limit and save Ran and the others? And who in the world is the client? (Source: AniDB) Nina, thinking it was a lolly, swallows an object called "Crystal Pearl". But the candy turns out to be a test for the magicians. To retrieve the crystal, a special medicine has to be made so now Zero and Ichii, the magicians, have to protect her from others while waiting for the medicine to be completed. (Source: ANN, edited) Kirari Tsukishima, a gluttonous 14-year-old beauty, is a girl who does not care about idols and the entertainment world because her mind is occupied by food. Her obsession with food only causes her to be clueless about love. One day, after saving a turtle that is stranded in a tree, Kirari meets with a handsome and gentle boy named Seiji, who gives her ticket to a SHIPS (a popular idol group) concert to show his gratitude for her saving his pet. Kirari then storms off to the concert and runs into another boy, who tears up her ticket and warns her to stay away from Seiji because she and Seiji live in different worlds. The outraged Kirari then sneaks into the concert, only to discover that Seiji and the boy who tore her ticket, named Hiroto, are actually members of SHIPS. Finally understanding the meaning of "different worlds" (Seiji is a popular idol while she is an average middle school student), Kirari refuses to give up. Filled with determination to be with Seiji, she declares that she will also become an idol. (Source: Wikipedia) Dr. Yung, an enigmatic Pokémon scientist, has developed a new Mirage system that uses computer data to resurrect extinct Pokémon, like Kabutops and Armaldo. Professor Oak, Ash and his companions show up at the Mirage Mansion at Dr. Yung's invitation, and watch a demonstration of the machine's capabilities. In the middle of a battle between Dr. Yung's Mirage Pokémon and Ash, the machine goes haywire and a Mirage Aerodactyl swoops in and kidnaps Dr. Yung. A man calling himself "The Mirage Master" appears and announces to everyone that the Mirage System can be used to create Pokémon with absolutely no weaknesses. Ash, Misty, and Professor Oak struggle to stop the madman and escape with their lives. (Source: ANN) Yuji and Shana's class go on a trip to see various temples and shrines, followed by a trip to a hot springs resort. During the trip, Matake Ogata tries to tell Eita Tanaka her feelings for him, but various complications and hijinks occur that prevent her from doing so. During the summer festival five years ago, two girls met at a mysterious tree and saw two glowing spheres. Now, these two girls--Saki Hyuuga, ace pitcher on the school softball team; and Mai Mishou, who prefers sketching over stargazing--are chosen by the spirits of flowers (Flappy) and birds (Choppy) to restore the Seven Fountains and save their worlds from Dark Autumn. Together, they are the NEW Pretty Cure. (Source: ANN) The story begins when high school student Kazuki Muto is killed one night saving a mysterious girl from a monster, only to wake up in his school dorm, believing it to have been a dream; however, he soon finds out that dream wasn't a dream at all when a giant serpentine monster attacks him and his sister. Tokiko Tsumura, the girl he saved, explains that the monster is a homunculus. Kazuki had been attacked and killed by it when he was rescuing her; however, she, feeling responsible for him, revived him by placing a Kakugane medallion in his chest, serving as a replacement heart. The Kakugane, as Tokiko explains, is an alchemical device that, when activated, takes a certain form based on the Kakugane's user, forming a unique Buso Renkin. The Buso Renkin is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus monster. Using this, Kazuki creates his own Buso Renkin (the "Sunlight Heart," a huge lance). Along with Tokiko and her own Buso Renkin (the "Valkyrie Skirt," an execution scythe), Kazuki joins the fight against the homunculi and their master. A ceasefire put an end to the long war between the Royal Empire and the Republic of Frost. Three years later, the Empire is still plagued by starvation, pestilence, and soldiers turning into bandits. To aid in the war relief effort, the Empire created the Intelligence Army State Section III, also known as the Pumpkin Scissors. Considered a waste of resources by some, and just an instrument of propaganda by others, the Pumpkin Scissors still takes their role in the country's reconstruction seriously. One day their life starts to change when a certain corporal with a mysterious past joins the team. (Source: Wikipedia) The moon and the earth are linked by a single contact point, "Mitsuru ga Sakichau Ouren Rakuniushi" where Tatsuya lives under the supervision of the Sphere Kingdom (Moon Kingdom)'s Princess Feena Fam Earthlight who is coming to stay at his home. (Source: ANN) A remake of the Negima anime with its own original story. Wizard Negi Springfield may be a boy, but he has a man-sized job to do! Fresh from the Academy of Magic, Negi continues his training as an instructor at Mahora Academy in Japan. But before he can get his Masters in magic, the 31 schoolgirls of Class 3-A are gonna keep him up all night cramming for a final exam in will power. Temptation aside, Negi has more on his syllabus than flirting and spells. Darkness is closing in, and Negi is gonna need help from his lovely student bodies to drive the ghouls from their school. These girls want to prove that they're the best in class, and extra credit is available to the cuties that aren't afraid of after-hours phantom fighting! (Source: DVD case) Aoba Riku has just transferred to a new high school because of his father's job, and things aren't quite what he expected. The headmaster's secretary controls the school while espousing the virtues of academic freedom, the teachers are even stranger than normal teachers, and half the student body is walking around with animal ears on. On his very first day, Riku is unfortunate enough to find himself at the center of the student council's latest event, which has him running for his life. All this on top of the normal high school rigour of popularity contests, crushes, and homework makes it unsure whether Riku will be able to survive this new school. (Source: ANN) "Weak Legs" Kenichi Shirahama would rather spend his time reading self improvement books than fighting. However, when he finally works up the courage to become strong and join his school's karate club, he is coerced into fighting a bullying upperclassman who is intent on getting him kicked out of the club. He is about to give it all up until he falls for his mysterious new classmate, Miu Furinji. In order to face this challenge, he undergoes rigorous training at the dojo she lives at, Ryouzanpaku. Some initial training by the masters there allow him to defeat his upperclassman, however his fighting prowess brings him to the attention of the powerful gang of delinquents, Ragnarok. Wishing to protect the things he loves and determined to have the strength to face the increasing adversity, he must learn various martial arts from the dojo's resident masters, taking Karate, Muay Thai, Ju Jitsu and Chinese Martial Arts and combining them to create his own fighting style! Takano Kyohei, Oda Takenaga, Toyama Yukinojo, and Morii Ranmaru are going to rent a house to go to school for free on the condition that they make the girl of the house a "lady". However, Nakahara Sunako, the girl living there, is gloomy, weird, and horror movie maniac. She has a trauma of when she was told she was ugly by the boy whom she loved when she was in junior high school. She doesn't like beautiful things and gets a nosebleed when she looks at something beautiful. (Source: AnimeNfo) After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. Koushi Inuzuka is a smart high school student who aims to become a public prosecutor. Unfortunately for our good guy, he was born into a martial arts family whose head (ie his father) only knows one language: violence. When Koushi was still a baby, his father made a pact with his biggest rival to marry Koushi to his opponent-turned-friend's daughter. The union of the two blood lines is supposed to bring forth Earth's strongest martial arts clan. Skip forward: Koushi is in high school, oblivious to the marriage arranged for him at his birth. Enter Momoko Kuzuryuu: sugar bomb, airhead, loli martial arts artist and Koushi's self-proclaimed bride (the strongest on Earth, no less). Her wish for sexual intercourse meets with Koushi's square refusal as he has absolutely no desire to get it on with someone who looks like she could be his little sister, not to mention that he doesn't have the foggiest idea who she actually is. Meanwhile, a war has broken out between the martial arts families. For Koushi, this means that numerous fighters are out to challenge/assassinate him. As if that weren't bad enough, our protagonist also has a fight phobia due to a traumatic incident that took place in his childhood. Now it's up to Momoko and her superhuman fighting skills to protect her "husband." Will the two sweethearts survive the trials and tribulations ahead of them? More importantly, will Momoko get her way receiving a baby from Koushi? (Source: Kotonoha) Mizuho can't believe his ears when Grandpa's will is read out. Grandpa's final wish is for Mizuho to attend the same academy as Mizuho's mother. The catch is it's an all-girls school. With the help of friend Mariya however, he gets a makeover good enough to fool everyone at the academy. (Source: ANN) Kamizaka Haruhi having been rescued when she was young by a mage, longed to be a mage herself, so she enrolled into a special school that allows regular and magic classes into two different sections. Together with her rival/best friend, Hiiragi Anri, they study magic together while she is searching for the boy that saved her years ago, to give him a Valentines' chocolate. (Source: ANN) While at school, Taniyama Mai and her friends like to exchange ghost stories. Apparently, there is an abandoned school building on their campus that is the center of many ghost stories. During the story, they are interrupted by a mysterious male figure. The person turns out to be Shibuya Kazuya, a 17-year-old who is president of the Shibuya Psychic Research Company. He was called by the principal to investigate the stories surrounding the abandoned school building. The next day, on the way to school, Mai passes the school building in question. While examining a strange camera she spotted inside, she gets surprised by Kazuya's assistant. Unknowingly interfering with the investigation, Mai breaks the camera and Kazuya's assistant gets injured. Kazuya forcefully hires Mai in order to pay for the camera and replace his injured assistant. From that point on, Mai begins to learn about the paranormal world and the profession of ghost hunting. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A young girl named Ange is summoned to a Sacred Land and is chosen as the Legendary Etoile, whose mission is to save the newly-born Cosmos of the Holy Beast, which has recently fallen under a crisis. With the support of nine Guardians (who have the power of nine elements), she embarks on a journey to save the dying land of the Holy Beast and to discover her true self. (Source: ANN) Hino Kahoko is a student whose school is divided into two branches—the Normal Branch, in which students wear grey uniforms, and the Music Branch, in which the students wear white. The school's tradition is a music competition, but it is more common that students from the Music Branch are chosen to compete. Kahoko is surprised one day to encounter a fairy named Lili. Solely because she is the only student to see him, she is the only student from the Normal Branch to be in the competition. Kahoko doesn't have any musical knowledge, until Lili grants her a magic violin, one that anyone can play if they believe they can truly do it. Kahoko must now face the trials of the competition, her competitors, and her peers. Amaumi Haruhiko is a high school student who attends Shimano Academy in a town called Narasakicho. Narasakicho contains an unknown rainbow which constantly overlooks the town and is related to granting a magical wish called "Gift." Gift is a once-in-a-lifetime present between two people. As a child, Haruhiko has been close with his childhood friend, Kirino, until he obtains a new non-blood sister by the name of Riko. Haruhiko develops a strong relationship with Riko until they sadly depart due to the fact Haruhiko's father could no longer support the two of them. After some times passes by, Riko finally returns to the town of Narasakicho, and along with Kirino, starts to attend Shimano Academy with Haruhiko. The series revolves around the relationship among these main protagonists and slowly reveals the story behind both Gift and the rainbow. Crisis befalls the main characters and the Earth as well! How do they deal with the conspiracies that they have uncovered, while protecting the Earth too? (And what happens to the cliffhanger at the end of the previous episode?) In these final two episodes of Stratos 4 Advance are the exciting conclusion to the whole Stratos 4 series. The main characters will have to draw on all the resources they have, their friends and allies and their own sheer force of will, to "bring tomorrow to Earth," as one of the characters puts it. "Beatrice". It is a mysterious power that responds to people’s will and realize all of them. Tokyo Beatrice University Attached High School is the only school that teaches Beatrice called "magic appears in the real world". Yoshimura Mamoru is a high school boy who was saved by Beatrice miraculously when he was a child. At the first day of the school, he meets a girl under the cherry trees on his way to the school. She orders him to go out with her. Her name is Takasu Ayako. She is in the second grade and one year older than him. She is a director of student committee of discipline. Also, she is a granddaughter of a big-name politician, very beautiful, and a genius Beatrician who can even shoot a satellite down. She is called Witch Beatrice or Death Angel in Beatrice, but in fact, she is a pure-hearted girl. (Source: AnimeNfo) Once a year prestigious Rikkyouin High School has a lottery to determine the next year's Student Council membership. On their first day of school Chihiro Enomoto wins the presidency while his childhood friend Tokino Akiyama picks the vice-president's ticket. There is one catch though, they must first pass a one year apprenticeship under the current Student Council and any failure to perform the tasks assigned, however minor, will result in immediate expulsion from the school. (Source: ANN) Continuation of the Bikkuriman Series. Genki Seihikari and his friends join the adventure in order to save seven gods of the White Galaxy. Hiroko Matsukata is a woman who works for a magazine company. She puts all she has into her work, and is known as a strong, straight-forward working girl, who can at will turn herself into Hataraki man (working man) mode. Despite Hiroko's success at work, her life lacks romance. Even though a hard worker, she'd leave early anytime to go on a date. Too bad her boyfriend is even bigger a workaholic than Hiroko. (Source: ANN) Apricot Sakuraba and 4 new girls were now assigned as the new Galaxy Angels with the same mission: to search for the Lost Technology and keep peace to Planet Transbaal. (Source: ANN) There is no putting it lightly—Tsunayoshi Sawada is just no good. He is clumsy, talentless, and desperately in love with the school idol Kyouko Sasagawa, a girl so completely out of his league. Dubbed "Loser Tsuna" by his classmates, he seems to be the very personification of failure in the guise of a middle-schooler. Tsuna's boring life takes an extraordinary twist when he encounters the mysterious Reborn, who happens to be a hitman... and shockingly, a baby! Sent from the strongest Mafia family in Italy, Reborn is assigned the daunting mission of preparing the dull middle schooler to succeed the ninth boss of the notorious Vongola family, who is on the brink of retirement. The dull boy has a grueling road ahead, but with the help of his new criminal affiliates and his peculiar home tutor, perhaps even Loser Tsuna can achieve greatness. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yoshimura Sumimura comes from a long line of "Kekkaishi," individuals who have supernatural abilities and are able to destroy evil creatures called Ayakashi that venture into the human realm from time to time. The Ayakashi are demons that look to feast on the power emanating from the land of Karasumori, which also happens to be where Yoshimura's high school is located. Now, Yoshimura must fight to protect his beloved school and hometown. Although, if it were up to him, he would rather be baking cakes than fighting off the ugly characters that show up at night. Thankfully, Yoshimura isn't the only one helping to keep the baddies at bay. His childhood friend and neighbor, Tokine Yukimura, joins him in this righteous battle. Despite the fact that they are from rival clans, these two make a fantastic team. And teamwork is something vital to fighting the evil that is closing in, as the Ayakashi attack in waves, looking to claim the land as their own, and a shadowy organization looks on, ready to pounce when the time is right... Sometime after all the events which took place during Negi's first year as a teacher, Class 2-A goes on a school trip to a beautiful island for Spring break. Everything is fine now, but troubles continue for Negi, because he's still the main atraction of the class. But he has something else to worry about, Asuna is angry at him because he told her she had nothing to do with his studies as a wizard. During the trip, the situation gets intense as Asuna's friends try to help Negi make up with her. (Source: ANN) One day the else so peaceful mood in the Ourin Gakuen suddenly changes. Kusunoki-sensei, the so-called subheroine, along with most of the students takes over the school after a coup d'état. The principal is beaten and now it`s up to Yuu Sakurano, Yuzuki Kaede and Nagomi Fujikura to take back the school from her and return it to the former peaceful days. This is the start of a full-scale war, one that this school has never seen before. (Source: ANN) Recap Special. First half of the episode follows Cellaria from her point of view and her narration. Second part follows Nanami from her point of view with her narration. Takes place between episodes 10 and 11 (Episode 10.5). The strange and magical events of the last season have left Kazuto with two Valkyries. He now finds himself living with and looking after both a teenaged-princess Valkyrie, as well as the child-princess Valkyrie! And they still have not yet gotten married... (Source: AniDB) This is an OVA released on October 27th, 2006. It is also classified as the 13th episode (thus a sequel) to Kashimashi ~Girl Meets Girl~. Hazumu confessed his love to Yasuna, but she turned him down him. To ease his heartbreak, he went to Mt. Kashimayama where he had met her first. However he lost his way in the mountain, and it was night time. He saw a big shooting star, and when he began to wish, he found out that something was wrong. It was not a shooting star, but it was a falling space ship. He was involved in the crash, but he managed to survive by the help of an alien. However, he became a girl due to the accident during the reconstruction of his body. (Source: ANN) Hideki, leader of the Nerima Daikon Brothers, has a dream to build a dome in his hometown of Nerima to hold a concert for his band. Together with his cousin, Mako (whom he has a crush on), Ichiro, and Pandaikon (a panda he found in his yard that resembles a daikon), they strive to make money any way they can, and in the process, rid the world of evil-doers and steal their money in the process. With help from a rental guy, Nabeshin, who rents them outrageous items that always seem to help them defeat the bad guys, the Nerima Daikon Brothers sing their way to victory but always manage to lose the money they stole in the end. Even under the investigation of Inspector Karakuri, they never fail to fight for justice the Nerima-Daikon way. Specials that followed on the Mai-Otome DVD. A special Christmas episode. As Jun Sakurada fights and lives alongside the Rozen Maidens, special lifelike dolls made to battle each other, he enjoys a rare break in which he is told a story during the events of Rozen Maiden: Träumend . When Jun buys a brooch as a present for Shinku, the fifth doll, she refuses to accept it at any cost. Souseiseki, the fourth doll, then recounts the story of how Shinku and the first doll, Suigintou, first met. This tale tells of the cruel and heartbreaking circumstances surrounding Suigintou's birth, and how the many misunderstandings between her and Shinku shaped their longstanding rivalry fueled by Suigintou's unfettered hate towards Shinku. The stage is set in Rozen Maiden: Ouvertüre in 19th century London as the story delves into the past of these one-time friends and the secrets that they hold. [Written by MAL Rewrite] BorgBattles between KabutoBorgs have become popular enough to hold world tournaments. The main character Ryuusei is an enthusiast of these battles. Along with his friends Katsuji and Ken, he continues fighting against new enemies day after day. Yue and Nodoka are practicing magic, and one spell catches their eye: The Red String of Fate. Supposedly, this spell connects you with your fated partner. Nodoka decides to try it out, and ends up tied to Negi. However, this spell isn't the Red String of Fate at all, but is in fact just a red string that connects two people. A magical red string that happens to be impossible to sever. Delightful. Meanwhile, Ayaka invites the class to a free trip to her family's recently constructed spa resort. Tied together for at least a day, will Negi and Nodoka be able to make the most out of this free trip without going too far...? Miki Onimaru is a poster girl that works at her mother's Chinese ramen restaurant. She appears to be a normal girl, but she can become very violent if provoked. She picks a fight with her mother and accquaintances as a result on an almost daily basis, causing a series of troubling mishaps in their otherwise normal lives. (Source: ANN) A behind the scenes special of all the main characters in Amaenaide yo!! Katsu!! Where they give there own personal feelings about their past experiences with the show as well as their working experiences with their fellow cast members. DVD special. It's the start of a new year for the Genshiken crew, and that means recruiting new members. Always a dreaded task, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture manages to get Chika Ogiue pushed onto them from the Manga Club. With her introduction of "I'm Ogiue and I hate otaku," this year certainly will be anything but boring. (Source: ANN) DVD specials of comedic events that occurred during the story of Utawarerumono. The specials are included in the DVD Box special disc. Omake (extra) of Dai Mahou Touge. DVD-only special of REC.  This is a special episode 8 of 10 on the DVD, which is episode 7.5 of the original 9.  It is entitled "The Unforgiven". Fumihiko and Aka go out to eat and come across Tanaka, who had just been dumped by her boyfriend. She pressures him to drink with her for the night and Aka becomes jealous. When Tanaka is drunk, Fumihiko takes her home, much to Aka's dismay and suspicion. The next day, Tanaka tells Aka that nothing happened. (Source: Wikipedia) A spin-off show from Kimi ga Nozomu Eien. It's about the daily adventures of Ayu and Mayu, the two waitresses from Sky Temple. (Source: AniDB) Nana Episode 11.5: Junko's Room Nana Episode 21.5: Junko's Room 2 Nana Episode 36.5: Junko's Room 3 An evil monkey, Specter, has escaped a circus, using a mind-controlling device which allows him to become smarter and have access to controlling the monkeys. Kakeru is called over by a professor in order to capture all the monkeys, including the one's who's controlling them: Specter. (Source: ANN) Himeko is supposed to be a common high school student…until she happens to obtain a crown and she becomes a princess. Since then, Nana, the true princess, follows her around to take the crown back. In addition, Leslie and Caren, the thieves, appear to rob her of the crown, and her peaceful life turns into turmoil. (Source: AnimeNfo) Fine and Rein are sent to the Royal Wonder Academy on the Royal Wonder Planet in order to study to become better princesses. They plan to make many friends, but unfortunately, the competition and cold nature of the students and teachers make things impossible. The twins also become Universal Princesses when touching the legendary Soleil Bell, releasing two angels named Pyupyu and Kyukyu to help aid them. Unfortunately, an evil force manifested in a painting doesn't seem to be satisfied about the Universal Princesses... (Source: ANN) This double feature comprises of Gunbuster and Die Buster (aka Gunbuster 2) condensed them into a single theatrical release told in two parts with a musical intermission in between. The first part, Gunbuster the Movie, condenses the six episodes of the original OVA into a 95-minute movie featuring a new 5.1 audio remix and a redub by the original Japanese cast. The second part, Die Buster the Movie, mixes large chunks of the second OVA series with a few altered or newly-animated scenes to create a truncated take on Nono's story. (Source: ANN) It is the end of the Edo Era, a flourishing period when stylish civilians, samurai and old-fashioned farmers live peacefully together. However, if you take a closer look at their lives, you'll notice that it is actually a parallel world in which modern conveniences, such as cellular phones, personal computers, microwave ovens, motorcycles, subways, and so on, exist. If you enter a night club, you'll find young people dancing to blaring trance music. However, you will also find that they wear kimonos, that the darkness is illuminated by candles, and that the stage is covered by tatami mats! While the people reflect the fashions and manners of the Edo Era, they reside within a strange world where the "present" and the "past" coexist. Welcome to the Yoshimune world that no one has ever seen! (Source: AnimeNfo) In a futuristic world, young Marty stumbles upon a bionic arm which endows him with superhuman powers and put him at the centre of a centuries-old struggle between good and evil. His teenager heart will now begin a long-way training together with two loyal friends: Buttons, his robo-puppy, and the brave Ally. (Source: Official website) Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Anpanman finds an odd little girl from outer space. The girl turns out to be Kokin-chan, Dokin-chan's younger sister who came to Earth to play. Moreover, Kokin-chan is a master of fake crying and exploits her skill to get out of the trouble she causes. And her tears have the special power to make anyone whose eyes are touched by them cry without reason. (Source: ANN) One day an armada of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) came out of nowhere under the full moon. One of them mistakenly fell to the Earth. The two Extra-Terrestrials, Crescent and Corona, who were on board the falling UFO, happened to be saved and picked up by an Earth girl Funny. In reality Crescent and Corona were forced to live as pet with that selfish and moody girl Funny... (Source: AniDB) The story continues where it was left off from in the first season as Crescent and Corona continue bickering over Funny. Extra animation from the PS2 game. Six girls including Tsukishima Yui were summoned into the end of Edo period by the power of mystic stones. They became celestial nymphs to protect cities from evils. Each girl obtained her own power. The power Yui obtained was "word". She would fight against evils by her "words" that gave people hope. (Source: AnimeNfo) Unaired episode 27 of Patalliro Saiyuuki! that was included in the 5th DVD volume. Immediately following the end of the World War II, Tokyo was trying to emerge from the rubble. In a corner of the black market stood a flimsy soba (buckwheat noodle) eatery. It was a delicate time just before the closing. A man appeared at the threshold. "One moongaze (raw egg). With soba." This was none other than the legendary Fast Food Grifter known as Moongaze Ginji. His relentless scam quietly initiates. The time changes. In the midst of the first anti Japan-US Security Treaty movement (1960), the streets rumored about Foxy Croquette O-Gin, a beautiful lady Fast Food Grifter, who disappeared all of a sudden. Wandering the alleys in the years of the economic miracle was Crying Inumaru, the loser. Then came Cold Badger Masa, whose scandalous death made people aware of the presence of Fast Food Grifters within the Japanese society. Beefbowl Ushigoro put an end to a major gyudon (beef and rice bowl) restaurant chain. And it is not possible not to mention Hamburger Tetsu, who shocked the entire fast food industry. Fast Food Grifters are the phantoms that rise and fall with the shifting diet-styles. They are the dissenting heroes who carved their names on the dark side of dietary culture with their glare. Now their legend revives, strong as ever... (Source: Production I.G.) Nobita finds a fossilized dinosaur egg by accident, and with the help of Doraemon's tools, they hatched the egg and began raising the dinosaur. Knowing that they can't keep the dinosaur forever, Nobita was forced to send it back to prehistoric times where a group of hunters from the future threatens to endanger the dinosaurs. Determined to save the dinosaurs from the claws of the hunters, Doraemon and the gang returns to the past and sets out in a prehistoric adventure. (Source: ANN) The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) Sergeant Keroro and his four subordinates came from the planet Keron to the Earth to conquer. However, without notice, they began to enjoy the life on the Earth. Keroro was supposed to stay with Hitana to get the chance to conquer the Earth, but he became friend with Hinata's son, Fuyuki. Today, as usual, Keroro goes to buy his favorite Gundam plastic model with Fuyuki. On their way home, they find a small shrine, and enter. There, they find a vase, and happens to break it. Since the next day, strange things happen all over the town and people are in panic. Inside the vase, Kiruru, Keron's ancient ultimate weapon was sealed. At the moment, Mirara who holds the secret of the Kiruru appears and informs them of the only method to save the Earth. However... (Source: AnimeNfo) Three monkey brothers from the from an urban city go to live in the countryside. There's no convenience store nor arcades there; truly bare-bones. The story follows their daily lives trying to make friends and have fun amongst the villagers. A magic book places Kazumi in a Wonderland-like world. My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. Gyagu Manga Biyori is hyperactive, random, and nonsensical, revolving around various plots and characters throughout the series. It makes absolutely no sense. The 1st episode is about stickers included in snacks (Source: ANN) Omake Special from the final DVD volume. The Special storyline has very little to do with the original series outside of having some of the same characters, and has a completely different storyline which does not fit into anything which came before it. (Source: AniDB) Black Cat DVD only episode. The human world has been attacked by an unknown force. Using poisoned thorns, it has put all humans to sleep. Agumon, Gaomon and Lalamon are the only ones left to defeat this enemy. Guided by Rhythm, a young girl they saved, they learn that their enemy is called Argomon. But what can the three digimon do, when they can't even evolve. (Source: ANN) Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yakitate means "fresh baked", but the word "Japan" is actually a pun - pan means bread in Japanese, so Kazuma is out to make Japan, a unique Japanese bread to compete with the best bread from around the world! Azuma became obsessed with bread when he was six years old. His sister yelled that their family should start having bread for breakfast sometimes, but their grandfather refused to even consider it, as he would only eat natto, miso soup, and rice for breakfast. Kazuma agreed, saying he didn`t like bread, but his sister kidnaps him and takes him to a bread store to show him the wonders of fresh-baked bread. Not only is Kazuma converted, but the owner discovers that Kazuma has the magical "Hands of the Sun" whose warmth makes them particularly suited to making bread. The owner packs up shop and goes to Tokyo to fulfill his dream of making Japan, but Kazuma continues his bread-baking dream as well, and ends up going to Tokyo himself when he`s sixteen, to compete for a spot at the foremost bread store in Japan - Pantasia! Three Naze Nani Shana episodes that were DVD magazine exclusives of the Shakugan no Shana no Subete magazine. Aachi and Ssipak are two likable street hoodlums who scrape by stealing and selling "Juicybars," highly addictive blue popsicles distributed by the government in exchange for human excrement, the only usable fuel in Shibal, a dystopian, futuristic, post-apocalyptic city. Aachi and Ssipak hook up with "Beautiful," a blue-haired, wannabe-actress with a lucrative knack for making the Juicybars pile up. Aachi, the entrepreneur, exploits her special talent and Ssipak, the romantic, falls in love with her. Rich in Juicybars, the threesome go on a rock star tear-up that makes them a target. They are pursued relentlessly by both the Diaper Gang, an army of violent blue mutants led by the Diaper King, and the police. AACHI AND SSIPAK is a crazy, high-octane story driven by a contemporary dubstep soundtrack by Mad Decent with some of the most mind-blowing action scenes ever to be animated. (Source: Flatiron Film Company) Rein and Fine receive a care package from their mother and father which contains a device to show past memories and events. The OVA recaps the events of the first season even though chronologically the care package was received after episode 21 of the second season. A series of chibi-style "outtakes" from the "shooting" of the Mariamite series. The story is set in a village called Green Forest Village, where is inhabited by friendly animals. The story were focused on 5 special animal friends whose friendship binds them together, Koori: A brown Raccoon boy and an aspiring inventor, Pinpin: A blue and white Giant Panda boy and a warm hearted artist, Lalla: a pink Tabby cat girl and an aspiring musician who wishes to be a princess, Toto: a purple Bat boy who wants to be a pilot and fly and lastly; Curucuru, a Brown bear boy who likes to cook. All of them venture through several adventures in the forest and town, making exciting and marvelous stories and also getting in and out of trouble as they learn valuable lessons in life and things around them. (Source: Wikipedia) Short omake episodes included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Princess Princess . The story takes place one year after the OVA. Because of the previous war, Kabucki-cho was devastated, and the owner abandoned his lingerie pub, "Pallion," and opened "New Papillion" in Akihabara. During the war, Tsubomi, and her colleagues Anne and Shizuku lost their memories, and they began new lives in Akihabara. On the other hand, the Susano, aliens who were invading the Earth, appeared. They turned a UMA (Unidentified Mysterious Animal) into a monster and make it raid on Akihabara. Rama the cat made Tsubomi and her buddies retrieve their memories, and let them fight against the monster as Lingerie Soldiers. (Source: AnimeNfo) Forget the fashion police or a therapist – the Pinky Street action figure Saki is here to save the day! Mei is a tomboyish girl who would love to spend more time on fashion like her favorite Pinky Street figure, if she wasn’t busy being hassled by her male classmates; Keiichirou is an otaku who collects Pinky Street figures, and who has just been in a fight with a good friend. Both are taken in their sleep to the fabulous Pinky Town, where they are taken to a clothing store, toy store, and have a bite to eat with Saki herself! What other insights await our heroes? (Source: Anime-Planet) This is a two part story that happened after Rose moved in to Roy's apartment. During the preparations for Appreciation Day, Solty watches people in the city going about and preparing for the celebration and is confronted with a thought: what is true happiness? While trying to understand happiness and the complexity of human emotions, a young girl who has had a falling out with her mother confronts Solty and Rose asking for their help. "Love Shared" is actually the second half of "Opportunities Missed", while "Opportunities Missed" shows the entire story. (Source: Wikipedia) TEAM NACS (also known as Team Canucks) are a surreal comedy troupe from Hokkaido who star in this short series. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) The first Kochikame television special of 2006. A second and final Kochikame special of 2006. Some sort of educationnal anime for children. A bit of humoristic. A continuation of Hal and Bons. Taishou is the entrepreneurial ramen chef of Neko Rahmen, the only restaurant in Tokyo run by a cat. All 13 episodes are produced by a different cutting-edge creator—each creator's vision and unique style harmonizes into a fantastic anime series. (Source: Vuze) "Unbelievable" Zorori is a prankster fox determined to become the Prince of Mischief, with his very own castle and beautiful bride. While is notorious for his prank-making schemes, his ill-meaning plots often backfire against him, and can usually end up even benefiting or cheering up his targets, much to his dismay. Nevertheless, Zorori has the wits and intelligence to wriggle out of the tightest of all spots, and journeys with a pair of twin boars, Ishishi and Noshishi, in order to fulfill his long wished-for goal and at last prove to his deceased mother, Mama Zorori that he truly holds the potential to achieve his dreams. (Source: ANN) The Inuyama Family, along with their pet dog Tetsunoshin moves to the famous Hoppongi Hills (modeled after Roppongi Hills) from Kyushu. Rumi Inuyama's father owns an IT Company in Japan and is a step further to becoming number one. However, Tetsunoshin learned that his master's family loaned a lot of money renting their home in Hoppongi Hills, almost to the point of the whole company becoming Bankrupt. To make things even worse, the whole family spends a lot of money on everything, making Tetsunoshin's problems worse. To solve this problem, Tetsunoshin teamed up with the Hills Dogs and will do anything to pay all the Inuyama Family's expenses. (Source: Wikipedia) A continuation of Onegai My Melody. Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN) Specials from the Gakuen Heaven DVDs. The Straw Hat crew salvages a treasure chest from a sinking wreck, inside which they find an old lady. To get the pirates to take her home, she promises them the treasure of a golden crown on her island: Mecha Island. Upon arrival, the crew is attacked by the lord of the island but he has a change of heart and decides to seek their help to solve the mystery of the Golden Crown. (Source: ANN, edited) Eagle Talon is a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo. With plans for world domination, their attempts are continually foiled by Deluxe Fighter, the superhero who always manages to save the day. This comedy of their frivolous lives is definitely not to be missed! A series of 16 "short stories" created by the creator's group Images Forum. The stories are: Tokyo Strut (Sato Masahiko, Ueta Mio) Tokyo Trip (Tanaami Keiichi) Fishing Vine (Seike Mika) Yuki-chan (Oyama Kei) Dog & Bone (Shiriagari Kotobuki) Public Convenience (Tabaimo) TOKYO (Uda Atsuko) Black Fish (Aihara Nobuhiro) Unbalance (Ito Takashi) Tokyo Girl (Shimao Maho) Manipulated Man (Wada Atsushi) Nuance (Murata Tomoyasu) Hashimoto (Furukawa Taku) Funkorogashi (Kuri Yoji) Fig (Yamamura Koji) 12 O’Clock (Iwai Toshio) Kousuke Ueki, a student of the Hinokuni Junior High School, is picked by a Celestial King Candidate, Koba-sen, to participate in a competition where people battle out to become the Celestial King and only the strongest will prevail. Embodied with the ability to turn garbage into trees, Kousuke will be joining in the battle against other junior high school students in this selection. This sets the premise for the earth-friendly battle where the students will pit their powers against the rest, with a reward of the Blank Talent giving motive for students to win. (Source: ANN, edited) Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) Lupin and Jigen planed to steal enormous money from a racetrack in New York. Their plan is perfect and the only thing remains is to wait for 6 days. To celebrate the success beforehand, they go to a town. Lupin parts from Jigen because he recalls another engagement. Then, Lupin saves a girl, Michelle, being chased by suspicious men. She asks Lupin to steal a diamond from her father in order to stop him from doing evil things. Lupin thinks he can get both money and a diamond 6 days later, and he accepts her request to guard her for 6 days. Meanwhile, Jigen meats his old fellow soldier, Ryatte, and they’re talking about another business. Then, Jigen is supposed to spends 6 days with Ryatte before the plan with Lupin. On the other hand, Fujiko and Goemon are planning to steal a diamond at a diamond exhibits. The host of the exhibition is… (Source: AniDB) Pikachu and the other Pokémon were at the beach, when a weakened Wynaut approaches them. It tells them that its friends were attacked by Meowth and the other Team Rocket Pokémon, as well as an Exploud and a Hariyama, because Meowth wanted to take over their playground, which resides on a nearby island. After hearing Wynaut's story, Pikachu and the others decide to help them take back their playground, and begin to train them, so that they can rescue their island from the clutches of Meowth. (Source: ANN) He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time! Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! This series picks up a few years after season one. Gorou is now older, and has come back to his original home town. As if nothing changed, he starts off right where he left with his old friends and tries to fit back in. Join him as his embarks on setting out to join up with the elite baseball school, Kaido. Ayumi Mamiya is a witch cursed to lose her powers and only one boy can break the spell. Haruo Yoshikawa thinks he is a normal boy but unknown to him his three sisters have magical powers and keep him protected and ignorant about the exsistence of magic. Now Ayumi must wake up Haruo's latent powers to save herself but his sisters will have none of that. (Source: ANN) The nine guardians take a break from their daily lives and go on a little adventure together. 200 years ago, Zenmai Zamurai was a thief by profession. While stealing from a house one night, he fell down a well and died. He was then resurrected by Daifukunokami and a wind-up key was placed on his head. If the key wound down, Zennosuke would die. The only way the key can be wound is by Zennosuke doing good deeds. In order to achieve this end, he is given the Dango-ken, which is a sword with Japanese Dumplings skewered onto it. Whenever Zenmai Zamurai sees people doing injustice or generally being out of control, he uses his sword to shoot the dumplings into their mouths. When the dumplings are eaten, the people suddenly become happy and realize the error of their ways. He helps out the people of his village in many ways, big and small. Whenever he has done well, a rainbow comes out of the sky to wind up his key. -Wikipedia After contracting hepatitis A, Ezaki Yuuichi has been confined to a hospital, away from his friends and family, much to his displeasure. To relieve his boredom, he has taken to sneaking out of the hospital, usually putting himself on the receiving end of a beating from his nurse. Upon meeting a girl his age also staying in the hospital, he is immediately captivated by her beauty. Akiba Rika's personality is not quite as captivating as her beauty however. In fact, she is rather selfish, moody, and bossy. But as the two spend more time with each other, they become closer, sharing the ordinary joys and trials of a budding teenage romance, even when darkened with impending tragedy—for Rika's condition does not leave her much longer to live. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kagemori Mamoru is a dowdy boy whose hair is disheveled and who wears thick glasses, but he is actually the son of a ninja family. They have protected their neighbors, the Konnyaku family, secretly for 400 years. Mamoru has personally protected their daughter, Konnyaku Yuuna, since they were in kindergarten. When Yuuna is in trouble, Mamoru puts on ninja suit and turns into a competent ninja to help her. Mantaro has made it to the semifinal match of the Chojin Cup. He must now fight Ricardo in a soccer field to advance to the last match. Kevin Mask is also in the semifinals, and must defeat Ilioukhine in an aerial field to advance. These three matches will determine who wins the Chojin Cup. (Source: ANN) Long, long ago, there existed a world of magic and science. God, afraid of man's potential, split the world in to the world of science, Elde, and the world of magic, Fandavale. One day in Fandavale, a terrible witch named Cendrillon (Cinderella) revives. Cendrillon plots to rule both worlds, and searches for the "key" which holds tremendous power. A young boy from Elde by the name of Sōta meets a mysterious girl from Fandavale, Akazukin, and her talking wolf companion, Val. Sōta learns that he is the key Cendrillon is searching for. Now it is up to Akazukin, Val, and the other Fairy Musketeers to protect Sōta from Cendrillon and her Nightmarelians who wish to obtain the power he mysteriously possesses. Akubi-chan is a cute magical girl. She is good at magic, she can turn into any form by tapping a tambourine, and she can grant any dream or wishes. Usually, Akubi-chan is in a vase, but when Ruru-chan, the owner of the vase, yarns (akubi), Akubi-chan pops out of the vase. Ruru-chan is in the 1st grade in elementary school, but she is little precocious and loves secretly her classmate Itoshi-kun living next-door. Akubi-chan uses various magic to make them good friends, but she always fails. However, for her best friend Ruru-chan, Akubi-chan gets out of the vase and taps the tambaine to play Cupid. (Source: Animenfo) A series of short specials where Friagne and Marianne explain different terms from the show. Pucca is the young daughter of a Chinese noodle house owner and she is hopelessly in love with the ninja Garu. He tries desperately to avoid Pucca's advances and usually does not return her affection. This results in many comical situations as Pucca goes to great lengths just to steal a kiss from Garu. Expect to see lots of "funny love" antics involving everything from noodles to deadly ninjas. (Source: TV.com) Bonus episodes on the DVDs featuring the girls on a field trip to Chichibu. Hazumu was a shy boy who enjoyed gardening, collecting herbs, and long walks in the mountains. One day he finally worked up the courage to confess his love to Yasuna, but she rejected him. Depressed, he wandered up Mt. Kashimayama, the place where they first met, to reconsider his feelings. After getting lost, he wished upon a shooting star and received a bizarre twist of fate. Now he is a she, and she stumbles headfirst back into social life and relationships only to find that the entire landscape has changed! (Source: Media Blasters) A unique trailer found on both the DVDs and on the Disgaea 2 game advertising the anime. The animation for it is completely new, none is recycled from the show itself. Does a decent job of introducing the major characters and general plot, with new battle scenes and an altered plot so as to not give everything away. There's even a boom in shot at one point! Completing every job with ruthless accuracy, Train Heartnet is an infamous assassin with no regard for human life. Donning the moniker "Black Cat" in the underground world, the elite killer works for the powerful secret organization known only as Chronos. One gloomy night, the blasé gunman stumbles upon Saya Minatsuki, an enigmatic bounty hunter, and soon develops an odd friendship with her. Influenced by Saya's positive outlook on life, Train begins to rethink his life. Deciding to abandon his role as the Black Cat, he instead opts to head down a virtuous path as an honest bounty hunter. However, Chronos—and particularly Creed Diskenth, Train's possessive underling—is not impressed with Train's sudden change of heart and vows to resort to extreme measures in order to bring back the emissary of bad luck. This assassin turned "stray cat" can only wander so far before the deafening sound of gunfire rings out. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is a special to To Heart: Remember My Memories , which includes fighting scenes between all the female characters. Fumihiko Matsumaru is an average salaryman with no girlfriend. He invited his colleague Miss Tanaka to a movie but was stood up. Right at the time he was about to toss tickets into a trash can, a cute girl appeared and asked him not to waste those two tickets. After movie and dinner, he escorted her home and found they live in the same neighborhood, yet unfortunately her apartment caught on fire hours later. Having nowhere else to stay, rookie seiyuu Aka Onda moved to Matsumaru's place, and the two had started a "more than friend but not yet lovers" relationship under the same roof while keeping this secret from their employers. (Source: ANN) 2 original unaired episodes included in DVD volumes 3 and 5, titled EX1 and EX2 respectively. This is a story about a little girl who lives in an old house in the mountains. Her name is Bincho-tan. Each episode depicts a day in the life of Bincho-tan as she prepares her breakfast in the morning, goes to the forest to gather vegetables, does her household chores and rests at night after a day's work. She is surrounded by a group of close friends who add color to her ordinary yet simple life. Enter the Arari Show and meet the host Mr Arari, an over-dynamic showman who really knows how to liven up an audience. Ever wanted to learn more about the culture, language and lifestyle in Korea? Learn some words and phrases? And be amused and entertained at the same time? Come and meet the 3 foreign visitors Michael, Jenny and Lala. See how they cope with being exposed to a culture so very different from their own. In the near future the world's climate shifted creating in the Western Pacific a perpetual super cyclone: the Grand Roar that altered the earth, flooding most countries. Shipping and navigation became important to nations and following the appearance of ocean pirates, necessisated companies to hire escort cruisers to safeguard their investments. Hyousuke Nagimiya is a system engineer that was comissioned to upgrade the Pascal Magi manned by an entire crew of women with its captain, Misaki Nanaha. Together the crew strives to prove themselves to their detractors that they are no mere 'Alice Brand'. Yet as they go about their mission a larger global conspiracy seems to be working behind the scenes to take advantage of this new world order. (Source: ANN) Norabbits' Minutes features two young rabbit brothers who live together in the forest and have endearing adventures together... though not without some absurd twists. A Shinigami named Baishin who was sealed by Soul Society long ago is set free on Earth. On a fateful day Ichigo encounters him and has roughly half of his reiatsu drained. Its now up to Ichigo and the Soul Society to finally put a stop to Baishin and his destruction. Meet Penelope, the absent-minded young koala. Rarely seen without Deudeu – her favourite stuffed rabbit – Penelope likes nothing more than finding another adventure in the most unlikely of places. A simple gust of wind blowing her hat away can lead to Penelope running her own stall atop a tree stump where she trades flowers for apples, and paper planes for acorns. From games of hide and seek with her friends, to playing with the bubbles in the bath or counting sheep during nap time, Penelope’s life is never dull – even if she does wear odd socks when she gets herself dressed in the morning. (Source: Anime-Planet) The fourteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Kyou no Go no Ni revolves around Sato Ryota, a 5th grader in an elementary school. He is a bright and active boy but always manages to get in to a bit of ecchi trouble with his female classmates. Continuing right where season 1 left off: Harima still likes Tenma but still runs into obstacles everytime he tries to confess his love to her. To complicate the situation, Class 2-D challenges class 2-C once again and there's a rumor floating around that Harima and Yakumo are dating as the school prepares for the cultural festival. (Source: ANN) Kyon, your typical high school student, has long given up his belief in the supernatural. However, upon meeting Haruhi Suzumiya, he quickly finds out that it is the supernatural that she is interested in—aliens, time travelers, and espers among other things. When Haruhi laments about the lack of intriguing clubs around school, Kyon inspires Haruhi to form her own club. As a result, the SOS Brigade is formed, a club which specializes in all that is the supernatural. Much to his chagrin, Kyon, along with the silent bookworm, Yuki Nagato, the shy and timid Mikuru Asahina, and the perpetually smiling Itsuki Koizumi, are recruited as members. The story follows the crazy adventures that these four endure under their whimsical leader, Haruhi. The story is based on the light novels by Nagaru Tanigawa. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Itou Keita, an average guy, is shocked when he's invited to attend the elite institution, "Bell Liberty Academy." Unnerved by the mystery, he's further distracted by the school's social dynamics. In a sea of amazing young men, Keita struggles to find out what makes him unique, and how he can possibly deserve to be treated as an equal by the boys of BL. Lacking any particular ability, just why has Itou been welcomed into the privileged world of the talented and the beautiful? Along the way, he develops intense relationships with the almost everyone at school but he is terribly drawn to the friendly, over-caring but very mysterious classmate, Kazuki Endou. Haruhi Fujioka is a bright scholarship candidate with no rank or title to speak of—a rare species at Ouran High School, an elite academy for students of high pedigree. When she opens the door to Music Room #3 hoping to find a quiet place to study, Haruhi unexpectedly stumbles upon the Host Club. Led by the princely Tamaki, the club—whose other members include the "Shadow King" Kyouya, the mischievous Hitachiin twins, and the childlike Haninozuka "Honey" and his strong protector Mori—is where handsome boys with too much time on their hands entertain the girls in the academy. In a frantic attempt to remove herself from the hosts, Haruhi ends up breaking a vase worth eight million yen and is forced into becoming the eccentric group's general errand boy to repay her enormous debt. However, thanks to her convincingly masculine appearance, her naturally genial disposition toward girls, and fascinating commoner status, she is soon promoted to full-time male host and plunged headlong into a glitzy whirlwind of elaborate cosplays, rich food, and exciting shenanigans that only the immensely wealthy Ouran Host Club can pull off. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Aizawa Ryota was in the 3rd grade of the preparatory course of Central Military Academy. AD 2045, he went to a space station, Aries, for the training with his classmates including Nagase Saka and Nittak Kazuhiko. However, the station was attacked by a terrorist group, Hallarax.Now they must find a way back to earth. (Source: ANN) Minami Itsuki never thought about seriously riding Air Treck motorized roller blades, until he got his butt handed to him by a street gang of Storm Riders. That day, he discovered in a locked up room, a pair of AT's and a box of stickers belonging to the Sleeping Forest street gang. One thing leads to another, and Ikki dons the wheels and begins to ride. As his reputation builds in the AT street fighting/racing world, he begins to develop his own gang and participate in more fights, gaining more and more territory. Masaru, a second year Junior High student and undefeated street-fighter, is about to learn the meaning of the word "teamwork." After Agumon escapes DATS, an organization that deals with Digimon, it winds up in a fight with Masaru. Soon Yoshino and Lalamon come to capture Agumon, and the two fighters escape. After an evil Digimon appears, it's up to Masaru and Agumon to defeat it with their DNA Charge. Soon, Masaru must join DATS to put an end to the Digimon coming to Earth. With the help of Yoshino, Ikuto, and Touma, the group must stop any evil Digimon that appear, and return them to the Digital World. But not everything goes as planned... An angel arrives in Hell! A demon lord is awakened! There are penguins everywhere! What’s going on here? Angel assassin-in-training Flonne is on a quest to destroy the demon Overlord. Instead of accomplishing her mission, the ditzy Flonne manages to wake Laharl, the demon lord and heir to the throne, from his two year slumber. Now the pair, along with Laharl’s not-so-faithful vassal Etna and her army of explosive souls in penguin costumes, must restore order to the crumbling Netherworld. Based on the events of the game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness , Makai Senki Disgaea follows Laharl’s journey to squash the demon rebellion, reclaim the throne, and destroy anyone who stands in his path. Or, you know, let them join him on his travels if they really want. Just remember: Laharl is a demon lord. There’s no way he’ll ever show kindness, compassion, or love... right? Kimihiro Watanuki can see spirits and other assorted supernatural creatures, which is quite a bothersome ability he strongly dislikes. On the way home one day, while plagued by some spirits, he is inexplicably compelled to enter a strange house. There, he encounters Yuuko, a mysterious woman who claims to be able to rid him of the ability to see and attract the troublesome creatures—for a price. She demands that he work at her "store" that grants wishes to people, and thus begins Kimihiro's adventures through weird and wonderful events. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Eriko and her friends Yuma and Ayano are excited about entering high school. Their excitement leads to their breaking of the rules when they toured the school before the opening ceremony. They find out their preconceptions about the all female school may not be as true as they had first thought. Despite that, Eriko and her friends are joined by new friends. They aim to get through high school life together. (Source: ANN) Nana Komatsu is a helpless, naïve twenty-year-old who easily falls in love and becomes dependent and clingy to those around her. Even though she nurses ambitious dreams of removing herself from her provincial roots and finding her true calling, she ends up traveling to Tokyo with the humble reason of chasing her current boyfriend Shouji Endo. Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is a proud, enigmatic punk rock vocalist from a similarly rural background, who nurtures the desire to become a professional singer. Putting her career with a fairly popular band (and her passionate romance with one of its former members) firmly behind her, she boards the same train to Tokyo as Nana Komatsu. Through a fateful encounter in their journey toward the metropolis, the young women with the same given name are brought together, sparking a chain of events which eventually result in them sharing an apartment. As their friendship deepens, the two attempt to support each other through thick and thin, their deeply intertwined lives filled with romance, music, challenges, and heartbreaks that will ultimately test their seemingly unbreakable bond. [Written by MAL Rewrite] One year after goddess Belldandy emerged from Keiichi Morisato's mirror and promised to stay with him forever, a new threat to their happiness emerges, one that could end the contract between Belldandy and Keiichi. In this sequel, a girl named Kazusano Kazuki join up with the 6 girls and Ikko. With Kazuki around, Ikko will find himself in more embarassing situations with these priestesses-in-training. (Source: ANN) Saru Getchu: On Air sequel. Sometimes it's good to let your feminine side shine, as Tooru Kouno learns in the series Princess Princess ! Tooru is a bishounen in every sense of the word, but he tries to not let the attention he gets from others bother him. Though when he transfers into a new all-boy school, he notices that even more attention than usual is being paid to him. Due to his good looks, Tooru has been scouted for the school's Princess System which involves finding very good-looking boys and dressing them up as very good-looking girls in order to serve as the school's idols/mascots and keep morale boosted among the student population. At first Tooru is completely against the idea, but after finding out the benefits to being one of the school's princesses he accepts the offer, and finds out just how hard a woman's life can be! 1. State Alchemists vs Seven Homunculi A 10 minute film featuring: Ed, Al, Mustang and many other members of the State doing battle with the deadly Homonculi in an alternate reality Amestris. 2. Chibi Party (Enkai-hen) Short 6 minute Skit drawn in Super Deformed style where every character in the series (including bad guys) are celebrating an "After Party" of the Conqueror of Shambala movie. 3. Kids (Kodomo-hen) Short 3 minute story which features Edward and his grankids in present day 2005. (Source: ANN) Himawari Hinata recently transfered to Shinobi Gakuen to train to become the best kunoichi she can be. She wanted to be a ninja ever since she was saved by one when she was little. On her first day, she meets Hayato Madenokoji (a new transfer teacher) who saves her life. Hayato does not possess any ninja skills or traits, he is teaching the ninjas about normal society to pay off his debt. However, Himawari notices that Hayato bares the same mark on his neck as the ninja who saved her when she was young. (Source: ANN) "Shindou Ranmaru has just graduated from police academy and assigned to Tokko: Special Mobile Investigation Force. On the day of his graduation, he meets the half-naked girl he has been seeing in his dreams. Her name is Rokujo Sakura and she works for a secret group within Tokki, known as Tokko: Special Public Safety Task Force. Shindou ends up joining Tokko to avenge his parents' death, and solve the mysterious mass murder of residents in his hometown of Machida. Meanwhile, bottomless pits begin appearing around Japan, and mysterious creatures emerge from them. Could these events be linked to Machida Massacre?" (Source: DVD Complete Series Back Cover) The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Punie is next in line to become queen of Magical Land. However, she must spend a year on Earth before she can inherit the throne, so she transfers into a school in Japan. She's usually a sweet and gentle girl... that is unless someone does something to displease her, then she'll drop the act. She won't hesitate to whip out her magic stick and cheerfully rain bloody destruction down on the hapless fool, or barring that, simply use wrestling moves she calls "Submission" to punish them. Accompanied by her animal mascot Paya-tan, who makes regular attempts on her life (still bitter about being defeated and then forcibly recruited from Waku Waku Mascot Village), and forced to fend off random attacks by various people from her Kingdom who all have different reasons for wanting her dead, she must complete this year of training on Earth without fail. Kawahira Keita is a descendant of a historic Inukami tamer family; however, because he lacked in its ability, he was forsaken by the family. One day, an Inukami named Youko came. She looked graceful, obedient, above all, beautiful. Soon he contracted with her, and she paid homage to him. However, she was a problematic Inukami that no one had been able to control. This is a slap stick comedy of an Inukami Tamer, Keita and an Inukami, Youko. Keita is a man of worldly passions, and he likes money and girls very much. On the other hand, Youko likes to destroy things and is very jealous. (Source: AnimeNfo) Renkin San-kyuu Magical? Pokaan follows the daily lives of four young girls. There is just one catch: they are anything but normal. This group of friends—the energetic werewolf Liru, the joyful witch-in-training Uma, the motherly android Aiko, and the seductive vampire Pachira—are actually princesses from the netherworld who have traveled to the human world in search of a new home. Unfortunately, their naivety and severe lack of knowledge make living peacefully among earthlings much more difficult than they imagined. As they attempt to adapt to their brand new lifestyle, they cause all sorts of trouble, and end up attracting the unwanted attention of a woman by the name of Dr. K-Ko. The scientist believes that these new residents of Earth are up to no good and attempts to capture the girls to prove the existence of the supernatural and gain credibility with the scientific community. Every day brings a new adventure as the girls deal with the insanity of her antics and all that the human realm has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] On Filiel's 15th birthday, she received her mother's necklace as a memento from her obstinate astronomer father. Her common and tedious life was turned into a life of conspiracies. With her new life, many adventures await. (Source: ANN) The series revolves around a playful young child named Shizuku-Chan. He, alongside his schoolmates, friends, and family lives a life of dangerous adventures in the Shizuku Forest. (Source: Wikipedia) Most people think being born into a noble family means a life of comfort and wealth. That couldn't be further from the truth for Shuurei Kou. Despite the Kou family being an old and important bloodline, they've fallen on hard times. Shuurei's father works as an archivist in the Imperial library, which is a prestigious position, but unfortunately not one that pays much. To put food on the table, Shuurei works odd jobs such as teaching young children or playing live music in a restaurant―and even then, it's barely enough. Then, one day, a court advisor makes Shuurei an offer. If she becomes the concubine of the new, but lazy, emperor and teaches him how to become a good ruler, then she will receive 500 pieces of gold. Never one to turn down good money, Shuurei accepts the proposition. After all, the new emperor only prefers men so her virtue is safe… or so she thinks. The more time she spends in the palace, the more her old dream of becoming a court official is reignited. There's only one problem: she's a woman and women do not become government officials. Shuurei may be able to turn the emperor into a good ruler, but will it be at the expense of her own aspirations? When Yoshinaga Futaba wins the first prize in a lottery, the prize turns out to be a stone gargoyle. More surprising yet, the gargoyle turns out to be alive. (Source: ANN) Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Mao Lan continues growing into her path in life through what she learns while fighting. Her grandfather thinks that she has grown complacent and decides to train an adversary for her next Prime Mat appearance. Training with her friends and companions Mao Lan slowly advances through life. (Source: AniDB) 3D IMAX movie, shown only at the Suntory Museum in Osaka. The story involves a heist taking place on 15 Aug at the Takaramachi Jewelry Museum where a jewel worth 1 Billion Yen is stolen. The third film in the series finds McDull and his friends satirically exploring different roles in society. Featuring McDull going through Chinese cultures with children. Samatarou is not just an average high-school boy, the truth is that he is the son of a god, his mother is a goddess and his sisters are candidates to become goddesses. They are living in the human world, because they want their boy to learn about the human customs and the habits of the creatures that they are protecting, so that in this way Samatarou will become a better god. Tenko is a angel assigned to look after Samatarou. She's born the same day, same year as Samatarou and have been close friends ever since. Life seems normal but things start to change with the appearance of a transfer student named Kumiko. Samatarou falls in love with her and from now on, things will be a lot more different for him. His decision of making her fall in love with him without using his powers will put him in trouble. Seigaku continues their road to winning the National Championship, but only the best schools remain as they'll have to go toe-to-toe with old rivals and new foes in the National Tournament. (Source: ANN) A special episode bundled with the Nintendo DS game based on the series. Envious of seeing how Simon keeps his Lagann clean and neat, Kamina asks the mysterious Chitori to clean up his Gurren for him, unaware of her true intentions. (Source: Wikipedia) Tachikoma TV series that aired on Animax. Unlike the previous "Tachikoma na Hibi," which were auxiliary episodes to the main Ghost in the Shell SAC and 2nd GIG, the special version has longer stories based on various Japanese and Orthodox folklore. Later re-released on a BD box with all the Tachikoma shorts. A lady caked in blood bursts into the family's home and shouts, "They're coming!" Just what is coming? The family discovers that 'they' means zombies, much to their horror and displeasure. The master and the little girl have a difficult time processing this zombie invasion. However, they are very fortunate that they have a fully-prepared and fully-loaded maid that is quite capable. Mameushi-kun follows the farmland adventures of a calf that is as small as a dust speck. (Source: AniDB) Coffy, Daniel, and Okehazama-sensei accidentally entered the Forbidden Room behind the school building of Tumulus High School. When they managed to get out, they realized they had slipped back in time! Why did Okehazama-sensei become a fallen soldier? The truth behind the famous Japanese historical event, the Battle of Okehazama, is revealed! Special summary episodes that aired after episodes 13 and 22 of the Dennou Coil original airing. Sena is like any other shy kid starting high school; he's just trying to survive. Constantly bullied, he's accustomed to running away. Surviving high school is about to become a lot more difficult after Hiruma, captain of the school's American football team, witnesses Sena's incredible agility and speed during an escape from some bullies. Hiruma schemes to make Sena the running back of his school team, The Devil Bats, hoping that it will turn around the squad's fortunes from being the laughingstock of Japan's high school leagues, to title contender. To protect his precious star player from rivaling recruiters, he enlists Sena as "team secretary," giving him a visored helmet and the nickname "Eyeshield 21" to hide his identity. The Devilbats will look to make their way to the Christmas Bowl, an annual tournament attended by the best football teams in Japan, with "Eyeshield 21" leading the way. Will they be able to win the Christmas Bowl? Will Sena be able to transform from a timid, undersized freshman to an all-star player? Put on your pads and helmet to find out! Kirari Tsukishima, a gluttonous 14-year-old beauty, is a girl who does not care about idols and the entertainment world because her mind is occupied by food. Her obsession with food only causes her to be clueless about love. One day, after saving a turtle that is stranded in a tree, Kirari meets with a handsome and gentle boy named Seiji, who gives her ticket to a SHIPS (a popular idol group) concert to show his gratitude for her saving his pet. Kirari then storms off to the concert and runs into another boy, who tears up her ticket and warns her to stay away from Seiji because she and Seiji live in different worlds. The outraged Kirari then sneaks into the concert, only to discover that Seiji and the boy who tore her ticket, named Hiroto, are actually members of SHIPS. Finally understanding the meaning of "different worlds" (Seiji is a popular idol while she is an average middle school student), Kirari refuses to give up. Filled with determination to be with Seiji, she declares that she will also become an idol. (Source: Wikipedia) The story begins when high school student Kazuki Muto is killed one night saving a mysterious girl from a monster, only to wake up in his school dorm, believing it to have been a dream; however, he soon finds out that dream wasn't a dream at all when a giant serpentine monster attacks him and his sister. Tokiko Tsumura, the girl he saved, explains that the monster is a homunculus. Kazuki had been attacked and killed by it when he was rescuing her; however, she, feeling responsible for him, revived him by placing a Kakugane medallion in his chest, serving as a replacement heart. The Kakugane, as Tokiko explains, is an alchemical device that, when activated, takes a certain form based on the Kakugane's user, forming a unique Buso Renkin. The Buso Renkin is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus monster. Using this, Kazuki creates his own Buso Renkin (the "Sunlight Heart," a huge lance). Along with Tokiko and her own Buso Renkin (the "Valkyrie Skirt," an execution scythe), Kazuki joins the fight against the homunculi and their master. "Weak Legs" Kenichi Shirahama would rather spend his time reading self improvement books than fighting. However, when he finally works up the courage to become strong and join his school's karate club, he is coerced into fighting a bullying upperclassman who is intent on getting him kicked out of the club. He is about to give it all up until he falls for his mysterious new classmate, Miu Furinji. In order to face this challenge, he undergoes rigorous training at the dojo she lives at, Ryouzanpaku. Some initial training by the masters there allow him to defeat his upperclassman, however his fighting prowess brings him to the attention of the powerful gang of delinquents, Ragnarok. Wishing to protect the things he loves and determined to have the strength to face the increasing adversity, he must learn various martial arts from the dojo's resident masters, taking Karate, Muay Thai, Ju Jitsu and Chinese Martial Arts and combining them to create his own fighting style! There is no putting it lightly—Tsunayoshi Sawada is just no good. He is clumsy, talentless, and desperately in love with the school idol Kyouko Sasagawa, a girl so completely out of his league. Dubbed "Loser Tsuna" by his classmates, he seems to be the very personification of failure in the guise of a middle-schooler. Tsuna's boring life takes an extraordinary twist when he encounters the mysterious Reborn, who happens to be a hitman... and shockingly, a baby! Sent from the strongest Mafia family in Italy, Reborn is assigned the daunting mission of preparing the dull middle schooler to succeed the ninth boss of the notorious Vongola family, who is on the brink of retirement. The dull boy has a grueling road ahead, but with the help of his new criminal affiliates and his peculiar home tutor, perhaps even Loser Tsuna can achieve greatness. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special of the Ojarumaru series. 107 years ago, the Moon was destroyed in a massive cataclysm that shattered Earth's former satellite into 81 quintillion tons of orbital debris. However, thanks to super-science, the Earth itself was saved and today no one really thinks much about that century-past disaster. Which is why when teenage Haruka Amami auditions for something called the Idolmaster Project, she THINKS she's trying out to be a singing idol. Instead, Haruka finds herself at a secret school run by the Mondenkind Agency, living with a group of other girls who have also been selected as candidates to pilot an iDOL - an advanced robot specifically designed to intercept falling chunks of moon rock. Except, the people who run the Mondenkind Agency aren't exactly knights in shining armor. And then there's the question of whether the iDOLs are really JUST robots. Because from almost the first moment, Haruka starts to feel emotions resonating from within the iDOL called Imber. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Shinichi Chiaki is a first class musician whose dream is to play among the elites in Europe. Coming from a distinguished family, he is an infamous perfectionist—not only is he highly critical of himself, but of others as well. The only thing stopping Shinichi from leaving for Europe is his fear of flying. As a result, he's grounded in Japan. During his fourth year at Japan's top music university, Shinichi happens to meet Megumi Noda or, as she refers to herself, Nodame. On the surface, she seems to be an unkempt girl with no direction in life. However, when Shinichi hears Nodame play the piano for the first time, he is in awe of the kind of music she creates. Nevertheless, Shinichi is dismayed to discover that Nodame is his neighbor, and worse, she ends up falling head over heels in love with him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A collection of stories involving the girls of To Heart 2, with each episode focusing on a different character. (Source: ANN) Ikuto Touhohin just had a fight with his old man, one that led him to make a rash decision to run away from home. He boards a ship, deciding to take a vacation, but the ship is suddenly hit by a huge storm—one that sends Ikuto overboard! When he regains consciousness, he realizes he is still alive on some island. An isolated island. An isolated island with nothing but girls. Beautiful girls. Stranded on an island with only girls, no electricity, gas, radio, television, like he was back in the stone age. (Source: AniDB) This is about Hiro Aida and his friends. Their daily life at school and first romantic encounters with all the fun and confusion. All these people are connected to each other through cell phone messages. The anime has 5 regular episodes and 1 Epilogue episode. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A promotional short special for the movie where Shana and Yuji explain different terms from the show. Based on the gag manga written and illustrated by Usuta Kyousuke that ran in Shuukan Shounen Jump from 2000 to 2010. (Source: AniDB) The Sablum Empire has been attempting to take over the kingdom of Windland for many years, and are now plotting with the mercenaries Sister Hell and Darkness Knight to start a new offensive using powerful magical beings called Angels. Hyaweh, a carefree yet talented swordsman, and Priecia, who just might be the lost princess of Windland, are enrolled at the Knight's Academy in Windland to hone their skill at swords and sorcery. There they meet many friends and allies who can help them protect their homeland from the impending invasion. Thirteen-year-old Karin Hanazono feels like her life can't get any worse, Her parents died when she was younger, leaving her with an aunt who doesn't hesitate to call her stupid and useless over her poor grades. Her only friend, her cat named Shii-chan, passed away recently, leaving her completely alone. All she has left of her parents is a ring given to her by her mother, which she treasures dearly as the sole thing left of her past. Kamichama Karin begins the moment her life takes a turn for the better, when she is approached by Himeka Kuujou, a cute girl who has also lost her parents, and Kazune Kuujou, her cousin who finds girls to be troublesome, both of whom are searching for a goddess. Her mother's memento ring shines brightly in their presence and fills her with its radiance, making her smarter, faster, and capable of granting wishes. It turns out that her ring allows her to become the very goddess they were looking for, and now that she has awakened that power, others will come after her for it… A recap of the Shuffle world, set ten years in the future. Gods, Demons, and Humans freely visit the other worlds as if traveling overseas, and romance is in the air. Demons, Gods, And Humans together have been falling in love and creating new families, breaking down the wall that once seperated them. Past memories are visited by Rin Tsuchimi and the events that occured between him and Lisianthus, Nerine, Kaede, Asa, and Primula. (Source: ANN) Revered as heroes for their role in defending Tristain, Louise and her familiar Saito face heavy pressure to continue protecting the Kingdom. With an uneasy peace now established within Albion, the newly crowned Queen Henrietta must deal with a political struggle brewing on the horizon. To make matters worse, a new villain has begun plotting in the shadows against the Crown. With the continuing threats that face the Kingdom, Louise and Saito are compelled to work together once more. No longer "Louise the Zero," the young mage's newfound aptitude for Void magic gives her enough power to wipe out an entire village; however, wielding these abilities comes with its share of challenges. As more conflicts arise, the idea of placing honor above oneself is put into question—regardless of their answer, their only choice is to see it through until the end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] For years, Yuno has dreamed of attending Yamabuki Arts High School, but now that she's been accepted, it means the scary prospect of moving away from her home and family for the first time! Fortunately, Yuno quickly learns that if her new neighbors at the eclectic Hidamari (Sunshine) Apartments aren't technically family, at least the majority share the bond of being fellow art students. From second year students like Hiro and Sae, who try to behave like helpful older sisters (mostly successfully) to her hyperactive new neighbor, classmate and best friend Miyako (who has the scariest apartment ever) Yuno begins to build the support network she'll need for dealing with strange characters like her oddly masculine landlady, her cosplay obsessed home room teacher, her tooth-chattering principal and all of the other odd denizens who inhabit her chosen world of art. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Manabi Straight! follows the lives of a group of young high school girls living in the year 2035 while they attend the all-girl Seioh Private High School. Since the birth rate has dropped dramatically, schools are being closed down due to the sheer lack of students available to teach. Morale in schools has dropped dramatically, and Seioh is no exception. The story begins when the main character, Manami Amamiya, transfers to Seioh. After some initial hijinks involving a futuristic scooter and a swim meet, followed by an inspirational school song performance, she is inducted as the student council president. The story that follows pertains to Manami working with Mika Inamori, the only other student council member, and three other classmates named Mutsuki Uehara, Mei Etoh, and Momoha Odori, in student council matters.  After some remodeling of the student council room, Manami and her friends set forth to plan for the upcoming student festival. (Source: Wikipedia, edited) An animated spin-off from the Densha Otoko (Trainman) TV drama. In the drama, actor Itoh Atsushi plays the otaku Yamada, whose main love in life is the Mina anime, a cutesy busty heroine with floppy rabbit ears and carrots sticking out her rear. Mina itself is a character homage which triggers back to the Daicon Animation done by GAINAX where a similar nameless bunny girl appeared. Densha Otoko futher featured an opening with scenes which were appearing back in the Daicon Animation. (Source: AniDB) Unsuccessful takes of episodes from the main series. Over millions of years, there have been many ages - war, gods, and future to name a few. Each of these was infinitely less exciting than the current Animation Age! In this RPG-esque existence, becoming stronger is paramount to one's survival and leveling up is a must. From pacifists to news casting, from fishing woes to love advice, there's nothing the Animation Age can't show or teach us about life in a game world! Armed with healing spells, changes of clothes and plenty of summoned familiars, the characters of Master of Epic will do what it takes to level up and live to fight another day! (Source: Anime-Planet) Lucky☆Star follows the daily lives of four cute high school girls—Konata Izumi, the lazy otaku; the Hiiragi twins, Tsukasa and Kagami (sugar and spice, respectively); and the smart and well-mannered Miyuki Takara. As they go about their lives at school and beyond, they develop their eccentric and lively friendship and making humorous observations about the world around them. Be it Japanese tradition, the intricacies of otaku culture, academics, or the correct way of preparing and eating various foods—no subject is safe from their musings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on Barasui's manga series, Ichigo Mashimaro follows the life of Nobue Itou, her younger sister Chika, and her friends. The basic premise of the show can be summed up in "cute girls do cute things in cute ways", be it trying to quit smoking, going outside to play, celebrating a holiday, or doing school work. This OVA picks up where the series left off, continuing the adventures of your everyday life, only cuter. (Source: AniDB) With the help of the combination of many different magic, Jun gets turned into an actual girl. Shuurei needs to deal with more obstacles in the new series. More danger comes her way but at the same time meeting friends who will help her with her work as an official. (Source: ANN) Set 10 years after Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha A's, Nanoha, Fate, Hayate and the rest of the crew are now working full time in the Time-Space Administration Bureau. Nanoha is a combat instructor, Fate is a special investigator, and Hayate is a commanding officer. They must unite once again to save the dimensions. Introducing new characters as well: Subaru, Teana, Caro and Erio. Stand by. Ready. Set up! Three people are hiding out in a cabin by the foothills.  Van is the prince from the now-defunct Revbahaf Kingdom, Kona – his hand maiden, and Sian – his philosopher and tutor.  Chased by enemies, these three individuals earn the kindness of Aaron, who feeds them at the cabin.  By helping out with Aaron’s chores, the former royal family learns to live a peaceful life getting by, rather than plotting a revenge on the neighboring country which invaded them. Together they try to rebuild the Kingdom of Revbahaf. (Source: Manhwa101) Specials included with the Code Geass anime DVDs. How did Lelouch and Suzaku first meet? What do the girls at Ashford get up to together in the bath? Himawari is back in all her comical ninja mischief. The sequel to Himawari continues with the many odd and hilarious adventures of Himawari, Hayato and her ninja classmates. Season two delves into Himawari and Hayato's past. Will new secrets be revealed? Will Himawari finally find out about her past and the mysterious ninja that saved her when she was little? (Source: ANN) Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Simon and Kamina were born and raised in a deep, underground village, hidden from the fabled surface. Kamina is a free-spirited loose cannon bent on making a name for himself, while Simon is a timid young boy with no real aspirations. One day while excavating the earth, Simon stumbles upon a mysterious object that turns out to be the ignition key to an ancient artifact of war, which the duo dubs Lagann. Using their new weapon, Simon and Kamina fend off a surprise attack from the surface with the help of Yoko Littner, a hot-blooded redhead wielding a massive gun who wanders the world above. In the aftermath of the battle, the sky is now in plain view, prompting Simon and Kamina to set off on a journey alongside Yoko to explore the wastelands of the surface. Soon, they join the fight against the "Beastmen," humanoid creatures that terrorize the remnants of humanity in powerful robots called "Gunmen." Although they face some challenges and setbacks, the trio bravely fights these new enemies alongside other survivors to reclaim the surface, while slowly unraveling a galaxy-sized mystery. [Written by MAL Rewrite] According to Murphy's Law, "anything that can go wrong, will go wrong," and truer words cannot describe the unfortunate life of the hard-working Hayate Ayasaki. Abandoned by his parents after accumulating a debt of over one hundred fifty million yen, he is sold off to the yakuza, initiating his swift getaway from a future he does not want. On that fateful night, he runs into Nagi Sanzenin, a young girl whom he decides to try and kidnap to pay for his family's massive debt. Unfortunately, due to his kind-hearted nature and a string of misunderstandings, Nagi believes Hayate to be confessing his love to her. After saving her from real kidnappers, Hayate is hired as Nagi's personal butler, upon which she is revealed to be a member of one of the wealthiest families in Japan. Highly skilled but cursed with the world's worst luck, Hayate gets straight to work serving his employer all the while trying to deal with the many misfortunes that befall him. From taking care of a mansion to fending off dangerous foes, and even unintentionally wooing the hearts of the women around him, Hayate is in over his head in the butler comedy Hayate no Gotoku! [Written by MAL Rewrite] 10 years since the great war, tensions were mounting within the country of Wellber, which was barely capable of keeping peace, as war could commence at any time with its neighboring country, Sangatras. In order to avoid warfare, the king of Wellber, Haidel planned on marrying off his daughter, Princess Rita, to Sangatras` Prince Guernia. However, Rita stabbed her groom to be and ran away. Infuriated, Sangatras` King Ranbahnhof threatens to wage war unless Rita is captured and publicly executed within 14 days. In order to avoid the worst case scenario, Rita decides to head for the neutral country of Greedom. Meanwhile, the woman thief Tina sneaks into Castle Wellber, seeking its treasures, when she happens to witness the stabbing of Guernia by Rita. Whether it be by coincidence or necessity, Tina receives information that the "Wasp Man" she was after is in Greedom, her sworn enemy who took the life of her parents. Tina agrees to become Rita`s bodyguard as they head out to Greedom. Shouldering their fate and destiny, the two meet, leave, and set out on their journey. What awaits them is war or peace, vengeance or death... (Source: AniDB) Like most high school girls, Risa Koizumi wants to fall in love and have a beautiful romantic story to share with her friends. Initially, she falls in love with Ryouji Suzuki, who is a handsome boy in another class. She is primarily attracted to him because he is very tall. A boy's height may not be a problem for any of the other girls in her year, but it is for Risa, because she reaches the graceful height of 172 centimeters, which is much higher than the average height of a Japanese girl. Unfortunately, their love was not meant to be, and Suzuki falls for another girl in her school, who was being admired by Atsushi Ootani. Risa and Atsushi soon become close friends, and an attraction starts to form between them. Unfortunately for Risa's complex, Atsushi is only 156 centimeters tall. Will they be able to overcome the stereotype of their uncommon height difference, or will their Lovely★Complex be the end of their relationship? A mini-episode/promo for Hidamari Sketch X 365 screened at the 2007 "Chou Hidamatsuri in Nippon Budokan" event, where the second season of Hidamari Sketch was announced. Michishio Nagasumi's life couldn't be any more normal. In an odd twist of events, during his summer vacation he ends up almost drowning in the sea. Luckily, the cute mermaid Seto Sun appears to save him. However, Sun is from a yakuza mermaid family and according to their law, if a human is to catch sight of a mermaid, either he or the mermaid must die. The only other way is for Nagasumi to be taken in as a family member, marrying Sun. In attempts to save both of their lives, Nagasumi asks for Sun's hand in marriage. Nagasumi's summer vacation reaped more than what he would expect, as he must now protect Sun from others finding her secret out. Yawaraka Atom, a parody of Astro Boy (Atom) as a squishy tank, went to stop catastrophe and evil. Anpanman's friends go see a bubble show performed by Shabondama-hime and her Shabondama Girls, who make exquisite bubbles by playing their flutes. One of the girls, Purun, can't make big bubbles no matter how much she rehearses. She feels inadequate as she goes to retrieve her lost flute, which Creampanda finds and goes to return. Meanwhile Baikinman takes over Shabondama-hime's castle and steals the flutes, using their power to create evil bubbles, and Purun must realize her own importance and save the day with Anpanman's help. (Source: ANN)  When Hiro Hiyorimi tries to save a beautiful young woman from certain death, he ends up a dead hero himself! However, since the drop-dead girl is Hime, daughter of the King of the Monsters, his "reward" is to come back as a not-quite-living soldier in her honor guard of horror! That means helping fight off the army of supernatural monstrosities Hime's siblings are unleashing against her in hopes of moving up the ladder of succession. And if facing off with vampires and zombies isn't bad enough, how can anyone be prepared for the REALLY weird ones, like were-sharks, pandas and killer dumplings? This sure as hell isn't the afterlife Hiro was hoping for, but the really sad part is that Hime is the good girl in all of this... or at least as close to good as you can come when you're on the wrong side of the gates of hell! (Source: RightStuf) The life of the once ordinary middle school student Sakura Kusakabe changed when an angel by the name of Dokuro-chan moved into his house. This heartwarming story of love, desire and... bloodshed continues as Sakura's normal everyday life slowly crumbles into a bloody mess. (Source: ANN) In 2007, the Punishment of Sexual Perversions Law came into effect. The city is surrounded by a squadron wearing protective suits and they begin to arrest any who look like perversions. No wonder that Inukami Master Keita and Inukami Yoko are wanted for Class A perversions. What will happen to Keita, Yoko, Kaoru's Inukami, and the other lovely perversions? What about Karina? (Source: AniDB) As Shu's village was being attacked by an unknown enemy, he and his friends, Jiro and Kluke decide to defend their home. They soon meet warrior Zola and receive the powers of Shadow, an ability that let's them transform their shadow into a powerful monster. Shu receives one of the most powerful monsters, Blue Dragon, and they all set out to defeat their enemy. (Source: ANN) In Edo in the mid-1800's, fireworks maker Seikichi Tamaya and his friends struggle to live under the harsh morality laws imposed by the strict city councilor, which ban all luxuries, including fireworks. One day, a strange girl stops by Sekichi's shop with an equally strange request: she wants Sekichi to build a firework that can reach the moon. (Source: ANN) Ren Mihashi was the ace of his middle school's baseball team, but due to his poor pitching, they could never win. Constant losses eventually lead to his teammates bullying him and reached the point where his teammates no longer tried to win, causing Mihashi to graduate with little self-esteem. As a result, Mihashi decides to go to a high school in a different prefecture where he has no intention of playing baseball. Unfortunately, upon his arrival at Nishiura High, he is dragged into joining their new team as the starting pitcher. Although unwilling at first, Mihashi realizes that this is a place where he will be accepted for who he is; with help from the catcher Takaya Abe, he starts to have more confidence in his own abilities. Abe, seeing the potential in Mihashi, makes it a goal to help him become a pitcher worthy of being called an ace. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Aika is a smart and athletic high school girl. She is so competent that she successfully passes the salvagers license test, obtaining a C-class license. Yet, she is young and hotheaded, so much so that Gota still treats her as a child. Due to this personality, no one is willing to hire her for salvaging jobs. Since she had taken the trouble to get her license, she decides to post an ad in her school to attract clients. She manages to get the attention of Erika, a daughter of a rich family and the leader of the treasure hunting club. She asks Aika to salvage something from the sea and Aika delightfully accepts the request. However, upon seeing the state-of-the-art submarine loaded onto Erika's private cruiser and discovering their destination, Aika realizes the terrible nature of her assignment. This results in a clash with a group of high school girls in the southern islands. Who is the mysterious girl named Karen? So begins Aika's newest challenge! (Source: AnimeNfo) Eleven years after the introduction of internet-connected, augmented reality eyeglasses and visors, Yuuko Okonogi moves with her family to Daikoku City, the technological center of the emerging half-virtual world. Yuuko joins her grandmother's "investigation agency" comprised of children equipped with virtual tools and powerful metatags. She quickly crosses paths with Yuuko Amasawa, an expert hacker of the virtual environment, as Amasawa relentlessly seeks to "unlock" the mystery of a computer virus that emerges from an inaccessible corrupted space. (Source: ANN) The classic tale of Gegege no Kitaro told yet again.  The story is the usual in the Gegege no Kitaro series. Kitaro is a boy living in the Gegege Forest/Cemetery (lands where many Yokai roam) with his mostly dead father (who survives only in his eye), Sunakake Babaa, NekoMusume, and Konaki Jiji.  One difference between this Kitaro and all of the others that came before him, is that this one has brown hair instead of the standard grayish silver. Doujin Work follows the life of a young girl named Najimi Osana and her exposure into the doujin world. She was first tempted into becoming a doujin artist after seeing how much one of her friends can make at a convention. Najimi loves to draw, though soon learns contrary to what she expected that this new world is anything but easy. As she attends more conventions and meets more people, Najimi eventually manages to find a group of very interesting friends. These friends already have some experience in the field and help her out along the way so that she can someday make a name for herself creating doujinshi. (Source: ANN) Tomoya Okazaki is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away. One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself.  Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Nagisa Furukawa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing. However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school.  Eventually he concedes and befriends her.  Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club.  Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls. As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems.  As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realize life isn't as dull as he once thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite] New York City, the late 1920s. The battle with Nobunaga is over, the city restored to peace...until the owner of Little Lip Theater informs Shinjiro... "This time, the leading lady will be...you." Thus Shinjiro, disguised as the actress Petitmint, is forced into the role of "Cleopatra." The Star Division members set out to persuade a reluctant Shinjiro, beginning a chase across the five boroughs. Meanwhile, a dark-skinned youth and his servant have appeared unexpectedly in the midst of the flourishing city. His eyes, concealing a silent wrath, are fixed upon nothing less than the Statue of Liberty. Now Shinjiro and company must protect this city of hopes and dreams from a new menace while safely raising the curtain on a new show. (Source: ANN) The Isle of Koumi, a beautiful island in the Pacific Ocean. On the island, people pass an old legend down from generation to generation that there was the Seabed Palace, an ancient ruin at the bottom of the sea, where the treasure of 2 female pirates, Anne Bonnie & Mary Reed (who really existed 300 years ago), was left. When Conan and his friends visit Koumi Island while on vacation, they meet some treasure hunters. There was something suspicious about them. (Source: ANN) The fifteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Recaps of the first season of Saiunkoku Monogatari. Aired to bridge the time till the second season starts.   When Keiichi found his grandpa's diary and saw a treasure map inside, Skuld and Urd started to feel a great urge to search it. With the company of his friends, Keiichi arrives to Honda Inn, the place indicated on the map. Once the party is inside, they meet Honda Chieko, who seems to share a certain promise with Keiichi. Apart from all that confusion, it's time for Keiichi to have enough courage to say the words "I love you" to Belldandy. These events occur in Westland, New York, during the 21st century. With a sharp knife, a murderer is indiscriminately killing people… A girl witnesses one of these murders, and the knife is turned on the helpless girl shaking with fear. Meg returns to this town with Joe to celebrate the “birthday” of Shirley, who used to live with Meg. Orphans, they had decided that the day they first met would be her birthday. In the past, Meg had taken care of three little children, including Shirley, just before meeting Joe. The children were then adopted by a police officer, Sam. He possessed a strong sense of justice and they are supposedly living happily together now. Meg and Joe happen to help a person and receive a reward. They buy a present for Shirley with the reward money and go to meet Sam. However, they notice him acting strangely. Upon questioning him, he explains that Shirley was assaulted by a murderer and seriously injured. Joe says to the grieving and angry Meg, “Let's exact revenge on the murderer for Shirley.” However, the murderer gradually approaches them from behind. The cruel black eyes fall on Meg and Joe… To make matters worse, a dark plot casts its shadow over Meg, Joe, Sam, and the whole town. (Source: AnimeNfo) Mysterious incidents are occurring in the Apple Forrest. Precious items disappearing, others getting lost, and the prince is missing. It's up to Kitty and Mimmy to solve the cases by becoming detectives! Kitty and Mimmy fall through a hole and end up in a parallel world. It's identical to the one the sisters live in but it's inhabited by humans with transparent wings and pointy ears. Kitty becomes friends with Emily, a supermodel in this parallel world, and together they try to rescue Mimmy who has disappeared. Their search is hampered by Akuro--a black cat who has a mean streak. During the early 1930s in Chicago, the transcontinental train, Flying Pussyfoot, is starting its legendary journey that will leave a trail of blood all over the country. At the same time in New York, the ambitious scientist Szilard and his unwilling aide Ennis are looking for missing bottles of the immortality elixir. In addition, a war between the mafia groups is getting worse. On board the Advena Avis, in 1711, alchemists are about to learn the price of immortality. Based on the award-winning light novels of the same name, Baccano! follows several events that initially seem unrelated, both in time and place, but are part of a much bigger story—one of alchemy, survival and immortality. Merging these events together are the kindhearted would-be thieves, Isaac and Miria, connecting various people, all of them with their own hidden ambitions and agendas, and creating lifelong bonds and consequences for everyone involved. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ink Nijihara is a girl in high school. Unfortunately her crush Nao Tezuka barely recognizes her. To make matters worse, she is very short. Now Ink meets a duck and becomes a "mahou shoujo" and teaches Nao english in disguise. (Source: ANN) Seven cinema intros that were shown with the seven movies of Kara no Kyoukai and included as a bonus with the Blu-ray/DVD release. 3rd grade teacher Aoki Daisuke didn't expect the first class he ever taught to be one of the toughest obstacles of his life. After getting off on the wrong foot with the entire class, a moment of kind-heartedness instantly convinces one of his students, Rin Kokonoe, to make the ill-fated Aoki-sensei her lover. But what exactly are Rin's intentions for wanting to actively seduce Aoki-sensei, and will Aoki-sensei be able to help her to deal with them? During a vacation Natsumi is visited by a female alien and male alien who she later gains feelings for from the ocean that makes her the Deep Sea Princess who, along with the rest of the Keroro Platoon, encounter many dangers summoned by a mysterious creature. (Source: Wikipedia) After being best man at his best friend's (Saitou Toshihisa) wedding, Nagai Atsushi realizes that he might have fallen for him. Nagai, drowning in his sorrows and hatred for the new bride then meets Honda Kenzou, another guest at the wedding. Honda takes care of Nagai when he was dead drunk and now Nagai can't stop thinking of both Honda and Saitou. (Source: ANN) Demons that once almost destroyed the world, are revived by someone. To prevent the world from being destroyed, the demon has to be sealed and the only one who can do it is the shrine maiden Shion from the country of demons, who has two powers; one is sealing demons and the other is predicting the deaths of humans. This time Naruto's mission is to guard Shion, but she predicts Naruto's death. The only way to escape it, is to get away from Shion, which would leave her unguarded, then the demon, whose only goal is to kill Shion will do so, thus meaning the end of the world. Naruto decides to challenge this "prediction of death," but fails to prove Shion's prediction wrong and supposedly dies in vain. (Source: Wikipedia) Shungo Ninomiya is just an ordinary, run-of-the-mill high school student who lives at home with his older sister Ryoko—at least when she's not away doing her job as a mercenary. However, Shungo's life ceases to be normal the moment a cute girl named Mayu Tsukimura descends into the middle of his school's campus in a military-grade helicopter. It turns out Ryoko sent this girl, along with her older brother Mikihiro, to live at the Ninomiya household. But the newly-arrived siblings are a little special: Mayu is, in fact, a succubus and her brother, an incubus! And as if the circumstances are not problematic enough, Mayu is crippled with androphobia—the fear of men—and it's up to Shungo to help her overcome this at the behest of his sister. Ryoko plans to force Mayu to be closer to Shungo, and to do this, she’ll employ some questionable methods such as having them share the same bed and even take baths together. The situation further complicates when student council president Reika Houjou arrives as the new maid of the Ninomiya family, and she will stop at nothing to thwart Shungo and Mayu’s sexually-geared training. With the sudden arrival of all these oddities, Shungo's ordinary life is about to be thrown into utter turmoil. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture, otherwise known as Genshiken, is now under the charge of a more confident Sasahara. Things have changed in between semesters, and the otaku club now has a new otaku-hating member named Ogiue. Sasahara's initial goal of starting a doujin circle and selling those fan-made magazines at the next Comic Festival becomes a reality, but reality is a cruel master... who apparently crossplays. Afterward, the club is abuzz with talk about Tanaka and Ohno's relationship, which takes a hesitant step forward. (Source: Media Blasters) Based on a seinen manga by Kikuchi Naoe and Yokomi Hirohiko, serialised in IKKI. The "story" is that a manga artist is asked by her boss to accompany him and a travel-writer on various train trips around Japan and draw a manga about it. The kicker though, is that it's completely non-fiction —the creator really did go on all these trips, and the manga simply records what happened, with no embellishment. There's a little disclaimer at the front that says "This is non-fiction, so I apologize for the lack of drama," and indeed, it mostly is just about them riding trains from place to place, waiting on platforms, etc. The "travel writer" turns out to be a super train-otaku who has vast knowledge of the train network, but also micro-manages all their trips, planning every detail down to the second. He cares mostly about following the schedule and successfully achieving his planned goals (e.g. visiting all stations on a line in a completely bizarre order to accomodate infrequent trains). The mangaka doesn't really care about trains; she's cynical, sarcastic, and rather lazy (she mainly just looks forward to the next eki-ben); he's completely gung-ho as long as he's following the schedule, and the inevitable conflicts are pretty entertaining. Throughout, though, it feels real —if you've travelled by train in Japan it will all seem very familiar, not just the scenery, but also the atmosphere and feel— and the artist does a great job of pacing and applying little tweaks to keep it consistently entertaining. In an additional bit of recursiveness, some of the characters who show up in the manga (who of course are real people, who really did show up) do so because they (really) read previous episodes of the manga! In addition of course, you can learn about various out of the way and interesting Japanese train lines and stations; some of them really do look cool. There's always this vague sense of surreality about it however, the trips are all planned by the train-guy (goal: visit all 9,843 stations in Japan) who seems to consider everything as part of a checklist rather than an experience to be enjoyed. You learn a bit about train-otaku culture too; there's really only the one guy in the story, but train-otaku culture is a sort of constant peripheral presence. (Source: AniDB) Chinami Ebihara is girl with a strange ability to generate electromagnetic waves when her emotions run high. However, since this "ability" affects anything electrical, it resulted in her having to transfer from school to school when she was younger. As Chinami, now 18 years of age, transfers to a new school, she once again affects the electronic devices in the school, but this time, when another student, Kotaro Kannagi, sees her do this, he becomes obsessed in studying her "TYPE-E" ability. (Source: ANN) Amamiya Shuuhei moves from Tokyo to the country side due to his grandmother's bad health. His father is a famous pianist and Shuuhei has taken strict piano lessons since he was very young, aspiring to follow in his footsteps. In school, he is teased by his classmates and is dared to play the piano in the forest. This piano is said to be cursed: if you play it, no sound will come. After school, Ichinose Kai, a boy in the same class, takes Shuuhei to the forest. When Shuuhei tries to play he fails, but Kai plays a wonderful song. This is the beginning of a strong friendship, and a story of two very different boys developing their skills as musicians. Professor Agasa is kidnapped and the Detective Boys must use clues found at his house and in various parts of the city in order to find him. Kaname Okiura, a student of Prefectoral Umineko Shougyou High ("Umishou" for short), joined the school's swimming club in order to learn how to swim, but the club is filled with weirdos, let alone who can teach him swimming. Then, a sunny, happy-go-lucky girl named Amuro Ninagawa who transferred from Okinawa joined the club. Her extraordinary underwater speed and unorthodox swimming style (plus her personal habit of nude swimming—a powerful magnet to teenage boys) surprised every club member, especially Okiura, because she reminds him of a mermaid-like creature he saw only once in his early childhood. (Source: ANN) Nozomu Itoshiki is a high school teacher so pessimistic that even the smallest of misfortunes can send him into a pit of raging despair; some of these "catastrophes" even lead to suicide attempts. Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei is a satirical slice-of-life comedy set in the modern day, covering various aspects of Japanese life and culture through Nozomu and his interactions with his students: Kiri Komori, a recluse who refuses to leave the school; Abiru Kobushi, an enigma who frequently arrives to class with severe and mysterious injuries; the hyper-optimistic Kafuuka Fuura, Nozomu's polar opposite; and several other unusual girls, all of whom are just as eccentric as their teacher. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Special DVD episode combining the storyline of Cinderella and Snow White (chibi style) with the "Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru" cast. Nobita requests of Doraemon the Moshimo-box and wishes for the world to become a place where the use of magic is possible. Witchcraft replaces science and technology and everyone makes use of it on their daily lives, except for Nobita, who, like usual, isn't very good at conjuring spells. Frustrated, he plans on returning things to their past state, but his mother threw the Moshimo-box away. One day, Doraemon and his friends meet Professor Mangetsu, who studies magic and magical beings such as goblins, and his daughter Miyoko, and are warned of the dangerous approximation of the "star of the Underworld" to the Earth's orbit. With the future of the planet at stake, the group must travel to the Underworld and pierce the heart of the Underworld King with a silver dart, as detailed in the ancient texts of "The Chronicles of the Underworld". Their attempts are, however, thwarted and Miyoko captured. Doraemon and his friends then decided to use the Time Machine to return to the past and, using Dorami's Moshimo-box, they manage to restore the Earth. The events on the Underworld continue, however, to take place in a Parallel Universe, where Miyoko is still captive. As a result, the group is once again forced to travel to the Underworld and defeat its tyrannical ruler once and for all. (Source: AniDB) Ten years ago, the World Tree that protected peace and order of the world was being targeted by an evil organization called the Zakum. The Human race led four other races: the brave warriors, the intelligent magicians, the agile archers and the sly thieves in a fight against the Zakums. In the end, the World Tree activated self-destruction to protect itself. However, the other races thought it was the Human race that destroyed the World Tree. When the World Tree was destroyed most of the races had nothing left, so a number of them went to Maple Island thinking the ones who stayed would die. They escaped Victoria and lived on Maple Island where living is getting harder and harder. Since then, a never-ending war between the different races began. Ten years later, the main protagonist, Al, is determined to revive the World Tree. Al and his companions begin their journey to seek the seeds of the World Tree. At the same time, the Zakums reappear… (Source: Wikipedia) The first two shorts feature the original Seed cast and deal with an attempt by Yzak Joule to reclaim his his honor from Athrun Zala after having been one-upped at seemingly every contest with him since his childhood. The last two shorts feature the Minerva crew sent back in time on comical missions from Gil in an attempt to disrupt key events of the Seed era with disastrous yet hilarious effect. (Source: ANN) Sunao Moriyama finds a strange but cute creature that he names Potemayo. Potemayo starts following him everywhere, usually riding on top of his head. His discovery becomes the center of attention in his class at school. Soon after, a similar creature appears, and is named Guchuko by one of Sunao's classmates. However, Guchuko doesn't seem to be as good-natured as Potemayo. (Source: ANN) The tournament continues. Haruhiko, Riko, Yukari, Chisa and Rinka are trying to help Kirino save her family's inn from bankruptcy due to their newest rival, Hotel Moonstone. As a result, they decided that creating high-class cuisine was the best method in order to help the Konosaka Inn attract customers. However, in the process of creating this high-class cuisine Yukari, Chisa and Rinka mysteriously and instantaneously develop overpowering feelings towards Haruhiko and end up vigorously competing for him. Unfortunately, for Haruhiko this harem contains mixes of both heaven and hell. 15 one-minute shorts created by various people from Japan's animation industry. The title of the collection, Ani*Kuri15, is abbreviated from the words "anime" and "creators". Season One Shinji Kimura (Studio 4°C; Art Director, Steamboy) - title: Attack of Higashimachi Ni Chome/Attack of Higashimachi 2nd Burough Shōjirō Nishimi (Studio 4°C; Character Designer, Tekkonkinkreet) - Uchujin Raikou Hiroshi no Baai/Invasion from Space - Hiroshi's Case Akemi Hayashi (Gainax; Character Designer, Fruits Basket) - Namida no Mukou/From the Other Side of the Tears Osamu Kobayashi (Madhouse; Art/Mecha Desgin, Gungrave) - Sancha Blues/The Aromatic Tea Blues Yasufumi Soejima (Gonzo; 3D/CG Director, Last Exile) - Hyotoko/Blaze Man Season Two Atsushi Takeuchi (Production I.G; Mecha Design, Ghost in the Shell) Mamoru Oshii (Production I.G; Director, Ghost in the Shell) - Project Mermaid Kazuto Nakazawa (Studio 4°C; First Unit Director, Kill Bill Chapter 3: The Origin of O-Ren from Kill Bill: Volume 1) - "yurururu" ~Nichijou Hen~ Ranji Murata (Gonzo; Character Design, Blue Submarine No. 6) and Tatsuya Yabuta (Gonzo; Story Design, Final Fantasy VII) - Gyrosopter Tobira Oda (Original Manga, Danchi Tomō) and Yasuyuki Shimizu (Key Animation, Naruto (movies)) (Studio 4°C) Season Three Michael Arias (Studio 4°C; Director, Tekkonkinkreet) - Okkakekko Makoto Shinkai (Comix Wave Film; Director, The Place Promised in Our Early Days) - Neko no Shuukai/A Gathering of Cats Shōji Kawamori (Satelight; Director, The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love?) - Project Omega Mahiro Maeda (Gonzo; Director, Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo) - Onmitsu Hime Satoshi Kon (Madhouse; Director, Paprika) - Ohayō/Good Morning While touring Alamos Town—home of the Space-Time Tower—with the beautiful Alice, Ash and his friends discover that the town's special garden has been decimated! Baron Alberto, a dashing but arrogant fellow, immediately blames the destruction on Darkrai. As if it just overheard the accusation, Darkrai appears and confronts our heroes! Who is Darkrai? Is it a fiend... or a friend in disguise? And as a battle between Legendary Pokemon Dialga and Palkia rages directly above Alamos Town—and threatens to tear a hole in the space-time continuum—will Ash and his friends survive this showdown and learn Darkrai's true nature? (Source: DVD Cover [English Version]) After losing a bet, Keichi, Mion, Rena, Satoko and Rika parade around the town in costumes. When they come to a fork in the road, they decide to go to Yagouchi, a nearby abandoned village. Once there Keichii and Rena learn the mystery of a strange haunted quarry as they debate whether or not to check it out. Amu Hinamori is a student at Seiyo Elementary, where she has a reputation for being "cool and spicy"; however, her real personality is that of an extremely shy and easily intimidated girl. One night Amu makes a wish that she would have the courage to be reborn as her "would-be" self. The next morning Amu finds three brightly colored eggs—red, blue, and green—in her bed. Each egg eventually hatches into a Guardian Character: Ran, Miki, and Su. Guardian Characters are angel-like beings that aid a person into becoming their "would-be" selves and fulfill the person's dreams. The Guardian Characters accomplish this by giving encouragement and advice, but they can also temporarily change a person's personality and abilities. With the Guardian Characters, Amu's life becomes much more complex as she now struggles to deal with her new personalities and the Seiyo Elementary Guardians—a student council group where each member has their own Guardian Character—who recruits Amu to search for and seal the X eggs and X Characters, corrupted forms of people's dreams. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Sora Kajiwara is a shy first year who joined the art club at her school. Sora slowly becomes less shy as she befriends everyone in the art club. She also grows artistically and learns how to sketch the beautiful world around her... and cats! There are three of the Minami sisters: Haruka, Kana and Chiaki, who have an average life. The girls only have each other to depend on and help each other get through everything from love confessions to cooking. (Source: ANN) Like snow falling in summer, like a cicada lamenting the coming of winter... In a town watched over by a whale in the sky... the extraordinary is made ordinary. Spectacles that could never be given form are instead given flesh and soul. And in their midst, the story of a miracle that comes to pass in this town of miracles incarnate... For Kuonji, this newly-discovered vision is a thing of wonder and fright – a sentiment not shared by his peers. Under its watchful gaze, Kuonji chats with and hangs out with his somewhat unusual friends. Whether it's with Nina and her striped panties, cat-loving Sacchan, the strange alien Allen or a variety of other busty, skimpily-dressed babes, Kuonji finds himself in the middle of ecchi situations galore! Welcome to the world of Final Examination Kujira. (Source: BakaBT) Based on a game by Circus. Life has returned to some form of normalcy after the end of the series, and so His Majesty Yuuri Shibuya travels to oversee how things are going. While doing so, he runs into the king of Small Shimeron--Sararegi. But it seems there may be something more to him than the friendly king he presents himself as. Yuuri go back to Shimaron to relax and meet some friends, when the "king" of Little Shimaron suddenly joins the group and wants the Maou to come to his country. The Original king sends a message to Yuuri's brother and his friend that Yuuri is in trouble. (Source: ANN)  The series focuses on Neuro Nougami, a demon who feeds on mysteries and puzzles, who comes to the human world to feast on the mysteries offered by humans who release negative energy from their planned crimes. As a demon, he must not make his presence noticed by the humans as it is the law in the human world. Because of this, he makes a permanent deal with Yako Katsuragi (who has her own personal mystery she has to solve), and together they solve crimes for Neuro's appetite. Kojirou is the kendo instructor for Muroe High School and he's totally broke. But then an unexpected chance is given to him: his team must win against his senpai's team and the prize is: free meals for a whole year! Now, the only problem left... where to find girls skilled enough and willing to join the kendo team? Miyuki Kobayakawa, fresh from forensics training in the United States and Natsumi Tsujimoto, from completing Japanese Self-Defense Force (JSDF) ranger training return in the long-awaited 3rd season of the highly popular series. This time, the duo rejoins active duty at Bokuto Police Department, fighting against crime using their wits and brawn, plus having some misadventures along the way. (Source: ANN) Enter Tadayasu, a freshmen college student who can see and talk to cute, chibi bacteria and other microscopic organisms. It's not all fun and games like it sounds though, because it gets him into all sorts of trouble. Join Tadayasu as he enters his first year at the Agriculture University, what crazy events await him? On the ocean floor, Lupin is once again seeking a treasure hoping to get on Fujiko's good side. As Zenigata chases them on sea and land, people around the gang begin to vanish mysteriously. The fog rolls in and Mamo Kyosuke appears in a burst of light; he claims to be from the future and seeks revenge on Lupin III for what Lupin XIII has done to him. Mamo hurls Lupin, Jigen, Goemon, and Zenigata 500 years into the past; as two warring factions fight over a legendary shrine dedicated to time travel, Lupin must find a way to survive the past to ensure his future. (Source: Lupin III Encyclopedia) This movie is a remake of episode 13 in the original Lupin III series . A story of the adventures of Robby and Kerobby along with their other friends. Set in a near future, a time where robots are common workers for their owners. Takaya Murase has just purchased a maid robot from a robotic doll distriubutor, MaidWorks. Ready to live a normal cleaning, cooking, and serving life to her owner, Yui is purchased, by Takaya but he has other plans for her...like dressing her up in dress-costumes of his fantasies and more. (Source: ANN) An Angel Eater has been freed in Heaven. Since Goddesses and Angels share body and soul, losing your angel results in going into shock for the Goddess. Lind goes to Earth to protect Belldandy and the others unknowing that it is a trap. (Source: ANN) The Lord of Maitake Castle asks the Ninjutsu Academy Headmaster to accompany him when he sneaks out incognito to visit a dango shop, and Rantarou, Kirimaru and Shinbei tag along for the trip as well. However, it turns out that the shop is actually a Dokutake Castle trap, and they're not the only ones who have been caught. Momotaros's Summer Vacation is a short film that debuted between the Gekiranger movie and I'm Born! . Using live action photographs, 3D computer graphics, and traditional animation (all of which is termed a Momotion Picture, it has Momotaros gloating of his strength until Sha-Fu dared him to proved it by swimming. After being made fun of by Urataros and Ryutaros, and bashed by Kintaros, Momotaros is talked into believing he can swim by Deneb. But as the "mind over matter" influence wears off, the Imagin and Sha-Fu tell the audience the movie's coming up soon. (Source: Wikipedia) A series of OVA episodes released with the limited edition manga volumes. Episode 01: What You Gave Me (Anata ga Watashi ni Kureta Mono) Kokonoe, Usa, and Kagami go shopping for a present for Sensei. Eventually Kokonoe decides to make one and they all end up spending the night at her house. Along the way we learn more about Usa's love for Reiji, Kagami's love for Kokonoe, and Kokonoe's love for Sensei. Episode 02: Kuro-chan, Shiro-chan (Kuro-chan to Shiro-chan) Kuro-chan tries to become friends with Shirai-sensei. Episode 03: A Child's Summer Time (Kodomo no Natsu Jikan) The girls, Aoki and Houin go into the country to visit Aoki's family. Ichigo Ichie is based on a series of stationery. The stationery, by a company called Mind Wave, focuses on the friendship of two young girls. (Source: TokyoPop) Sequel of the Hidamari Sketch TV series. The OVA consists of two side stories. The first takes place some time during the first half of the series and the second takes place the day before episode one. Japanese yakuza clan heir Ranmaru just got married on a lavish cruise ship, but things aren't as they seem. The marriage is just for the appearances, and he ends up getting drunk and spending the night not with his bride but with the sexy ship captain. When the two men meet again in Italy, it is the start of a spectacular love story. (Source: MU) This episode takes place before the actual planning of the School Fair and shows how the girls spend their summer holidays. Shana-tan special bundled with the Shakugan no Shana Movie director's cut special collection DVD. The second season of Chibinacs with a brand new protagonist. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Potemayo DVD specials. The two-part Kochikame special, wherein Ryoutsu helps a zoologist friend capture a real white whale. A two part Kochikame special wherein Ryoutsu becomes involved in a sushi chef's dealings. Specials bundled with the iDOLM@STER Xenoglossia DVD releases. Episodes #1: Izayoi-ryou e Youkoso! #2: Nantettatte Idol! #3: Komugiiro no Mermaid #4: Watashi ga Obasan ni Natte mo #5: Haru nanoni #6: Sekaijuu no Dare yori Kitto #7: SWEET MEMORIES #8: Itoshisa to Setsunasa to Kokoro Tsuyosa to #9: Episode 26 epilogue Fishing Maniac Eika-san! Sky Girls Dynamite Fishing! Special #1: Fierce Battle! Trout Fishing Contest. Special #2: Big Catch! Mudskipper Fishing! Special #3: Seashore Battle! Blackfish Fishing! Special #4: Astonishing! Piranha Fishing! Special #5: Protect the indigenous species! Bass Fishing Contest! Please finish eating the fish that you've caught! Special #6: Fish the porgy with prawns, Black Porgy Fishing! Special #7: The porgy's really tough! Getting poorer by the day! Red tai fishing! Special #8: Tempura, deep-fried food, and sometimes, skates! Pond smelt fishing on top of ice! Special #9: There's no part that should be thrown away! Great battle with the whale of the great deep! Ryofu Housen (Lu Bu) is a powerful general from the Three Kingdoms; alongside Chinkyuu (Chen Gong), Ryofu suddenly finds himself falling to Earth, and landing... in the body of an elementary school student?! With their new lives as flat-chested, women-loving children, Ryofu and Chinkyuu follow their hunger and their desire to get back to their old lives somehow; but it will be difficult, given the variety of obstacles in their way including old enemies, epic monster battles and the most important thing of all, trying to get their hands on Eri-sensei's mammoth F-cup breasts! DVD episodes 23 and 24. Uchikomatic Days is a 5 minute short telling the story of the birth of the Uchikomas, the 'ugly duckling' second generation think-tanks that made substandard replacement models for the Tachikomas. The short features a music performance by the A.I. Tough Guy Uchikomas, a group of rising stars that will provide entertainment at the Harima City for Academic Research New Year's Eve Party. This special feature is available on the Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. Solid State Society DVD. Five-minute shorts expanding on the "Microbe Theatre" segments of Moyashimon released as bonus episodes on the limited-edition packages of Moyashimon's DVD release. The final DVD volume contains two specials: Tokimeki no Yuuki Episode 18 (sometimes labeled 17.5), which was never broadcast on TV. It features the swim captain, Utsumi Koayu. Tokimeki no Sentaku Episode 25.5, a recap of all episodes but the last, which was initially displayed at the Konami booth for the Tokyo International Anime Fair in 2007. The adventures of Putin and Kirenenko, two rabbits stuck in a Russian prison, continue as they make their escape and try to avoid the fearsome Soviet bunnies on their trail! A sixty minute special of the Crayon Shin-chan anime featuring a crossover between Shin-chan and the live action tokusatsu series Kamen Rider Den-O, as well as three normal summer-themed episodes. The Den-O characters are drawn in the style of Shin-chan's regular characters. Another thing of note, inbetween commercial breaks, clips of a live action Shin-Chan onboard the Den-Liner or with characters from the Kamen Rider Den-O Series were shown. In most of these scenes it involves the Owner giving Shin a speech of sorts or making Shin feel uncomfortable. A special bonus animation included in the first volume of the Tales of Symphonia DVD. Lloyd and Collete talk about the special DVD editions, and Professor Kratos gives a summary of the ancient history of the world in Tales of Symphonia. "Tweeny Witches" The Adventure created by Studio 4C in collaboration with "Garo" creator Keita Amemiya. Includes the Alice chapters "Sakana ni Natta Maho Shojotai" and "Fuin Sareta Kokoro," Sheila chapters "Yosei Hakusho" and "Kori no Majo to Hien no Taki," and Eva chapters "Dragon House no Himitsu" and "Shippu Doto no Maho Shojotai" on three DVDs. (Source: AniDB) This is considered episode 26 of the series which was only included on the final DVD. It primarily focuses on the aftermath of the final TV episode (25). "The Bandai Channel website announced that Petit Eva ~Evangelion@School~, the "first official super-deformed series" based on Neon Genesis Evangelion, will be adapted for video. The official announcement will be made in the September issue (on sale August 10) of Newtype magazine in Japan. The Gainax/Khara franchise spinoff spoofs the psychological science fiction drama by reimagining the characters as classmates in Tokyo-3's Nerv School, headed by Principal Gendō Ikari and Misato-sensei. The student body includes three different Rei "sisters," the EVA-01 mobile weapon reimagined as the school bully Evanchō, and the ill-fated Jet Alone robot as JA-ko, a "hidden character" in the form of a shy android girl. Ryuusuke Hamamoto created the character designs which has inspired four-panel gag manga serializations in four different magazines: Monthly Shōnen Ace, Newtype, Dengeki Hobby Magazine, and Figure Oh. The Petit Eva project has also developed merchandising from super-deformed figurines to limited edition Doritos corn chips." (Source: MoonPhase) Moetan DVD-only episodes. #6: "The First Date" #13: "The Supreme Ruler at the End of the Century! The Magical Girls' Combined Attack" It is featured in an alternate universe where Shobu had lost his duel against Hakuoh in their duel back in the Season 1 episode "Just Duel It". A mysterious organization is interested in fledgling duelist Shobu Kirifuda's ability to bring Duel Master creatures to life. With the support of his friends, Shobu duels with passion, discipline, and heart as he strives to be like his father and become the next Kaijudo master. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) A series of shorts parodying the main series Prism Ark. A recap of the whole Digimon Savers TV series in one episode, with original commentary by Agumon, Gaomon, and Lalamon, included in the final volume of the DVD releases. Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! "Hokuro Kyodai Full Throttle!!!", the high quality 3D animation for the character Hokuro Kyodai that appeared in the movie "Nice no Mori (Funky Forest)." Directed by Katsuhito Ishii. (Source: AniDB) Happy Happy Clover recounts the everyday life of a bunny named Chima and the other animals in the Crescent Moon Forest. A young Keroro tries to impress Pururu by showing off the Kero Ball, a ball borrowed by Giroro from his brother Garuru. While testing the buttons, he accidentally transports the 4 tadpoles inside the ball. To get out, they must win the pinball maze. In the outside world, a young blue tadpole Kururu picks up the ball and hears the cries of help. He makes a deal to free those trapped inside if he gets a plate of curry rice. A deal is a deal and with the Kero Ball, a plate of curry rice is produced for Kururu. Unfortunately, the plate grows bigger and bigger and bigger. It got so big, that Kururu was immersed in the curry. The yellow curry slowly transforms the blue Kururu into the "yellow devil" and as the film is about to fade into black, "Kukuku" is heard. (Summary found on Veoh.com) The third series of Onegai My Melody. Mikio Osawa, an average 5th grade school boy, lives in the suburbs of Osaka. Mikio likes Haruko Tezuka, a cute little girl in his class. However, Mikio is too shy and withdrawn to tell Haruko that he likes her. One day, Mikio's close friend Megane brings news that Haruko is about to move away to another town... Kaede Newtown is a romantic comedy animation created by Naoto Iwakiri, an Osaka-born illustrator. With cute little characters and music created by Japanese band Aprils and singer-songwriter TOMOVSKY, Kaede Newtown takes you back to the good ol' town you lived in during the good ol' days of your childhood. (Source: crunchyroll.com) Specials that come with the DVDs. This is a special episode of Lovedol. It's also called episode 13 of the series. Lovedol, or Lovely Idol, is a girl group consisting of two generations of idols. The 3rd Generation is about to make its debut, but to their surprise, they have been delayed! The vague reason is only that "they lack something." The manager, and the 3rd Gen. girls too, must find the answer. Played at Dengeki Bunko's Movie Festival on 21 April 2007 before the Shakugan no Shana, Inukami! and Kino no Tabi movies. It was later released on DVD and sold at Dengeki's 15th Anniversary event. A special episode aired after ep. 490, it summarizes the history of confrontation with the black organization. The fourth short premiered on ANA flights on August 1, 2007. (Source: Wikipedia) Another animated short from the Angelique series, this time featuring the Holy Beast Guardians! This just looks like a whole lot of random insanity, which turns out to be just a dream. (Source: Dailymotion) This series features stories from the acclaimed sci-fi writer Hoshi Shinichi. The episodes uses animation, live-action footage, computer graphics, and other visual means to re-enact the short stories. Each episode is a collection of several short-short stories by Hoshi Shinichi. Note: This entry includes the pilot and the 25 TV episodes. The first Eagle Talon movie. The story centers around an evil counterpart of Arale created by Dr. Mashirito named Abale. Masaru, a second year Junior High student and undefeated street-fighter, is about to learn the meaning of the word "teamwork." After Agumon escapes DATS, an organization that deals with Digimon, it winds up in a fight with Masaru. Soon Yoshino and Lalamon come to capture Agumon, and the two fighters escape. After an evil Digimon appears, it's up to Masaru and Agumon to defeat it with their DNA Charge. Soon, Masaru must join DATS to put an end to the Digimon coming to Earth. With the help of Yoshino, Ikuto, and Touma, the group must stop any evil Digimon that appear, and return them to the Digital World. But not everything goes as planned... Enter the world of the Sylvanians, a community of tiny anthropomorphized animals who have the same difficulties that people do. But the Sylvanians are often able to work through those dilemmas, teaching the children who join them valuable life lessons. (Source: Amazon.co.uk) Nana Komatsu is a helpless, naïve twenty-year-old who easily falls in love and becomes dependent and clingy to those around her. Even though she nurses ambitious dreams of removing herself from her provincial roots and finding her true calling, she ends up traveling to Tokyo with the humble reason of chasing her current boyfriend Shouji Endo. Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is a proud, enigmatic punk rock vocalist from a similarly rural background, who nurtures the desire to become a professional singer. Putting her career with a fairly popular band (and her passionate romance with one of its former members) firmly behind her, she boards the same train to Tokyo as Nana Komatsu. Through a fateful encounter in their journey toward the metropolis, the young women with the same given name are brought together, sparking a chain of events which eventually result in them sharing an apartment. As their friendship deepens, the two attempt to support each other through thick and thin, their deeply intertwined lives filled with romance, music, challenges, and heartbreaks that will ultimately test their seemingly unbreakable bond. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Jang Geum's Dream. Summary of the first TV-Series. Second season of Pururun! Shizuku-chan. Most people think being born into a noble family means a life of comfort and wealth. That couldn't be further from the truth for Shuurei Kou. Despite the Kou family being an old and important bloodline, they've fallen on hard times. Shuurei's father works as an archivist in the Imperial library, which is a prestigious position, but unfortunately not one that pays much. To put food on the table, Shuurei works odd jobs such as teaching young children or playing live music in a restaurant―and even then, it's barely enough. Then, one day, a court advisor makes Shuurei an offer. If she becomes the concubine of the new, but lazy, emperor and teaches him how to become a good ruler, then she will receive 500 pieces of gold. Never one to turn down good money, Shuurei accepts the proposition. After all, the new emperor only prefers men so her virtue is safe… or so she thinks. The more time she spends in the palace, the more her old dream of becoming a court official is reignited. There's only one problem: she's a woman and women do not become government officials. Shuurei may be able to turn the emperor into a good ruler, but will it be at the expense of her own aspirations? Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. A special episode aired after ep. 490, it summarizes episodes 309 -> 311. Shobu and friends fight the remaining Fua Duelists in order to defeat Zakira. Once again, they face off against the old members of Fua Duelists at the World Championship tournament. Shobu also found the terrible fate his friends faced because of these duelists in their past. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) The second series of Pucca.  The episode numbers continue from 27. Tachikoma TV series that aired on Animax. Unlike the previous "Tachikoma na Hibi," which were auxiliary episodes to the main Ghost in the Shell SAC and 2nd GIG, the special version has longer stories based on various Japanese and Orthodox folklore. Later re-released on a BD box with all the Tachikoma shorts. This was the 14-minute movie that was screened in theaters with Keroro Gunsou Movie 3. It became the prequel to the Mushakero in season 5 of the main Keroro Gunsou anime series. It takes place in Ranstar where the Keroro platoon are up against the Vipers. The whole setting of Ranstar is based on the Sengoku Era of Japan, and all characters are dressed in that fashion. Cat lovers by cat-lover, love for cats, which are animated omnibus CM and assortment of fictional programs. Coffy and Daniel were practicing the Japanese lion dance for their exhibit in the school festival, when Abukuma-san started yelling at them for being so loud. Coffy's temper snaps, and she hurls his beloved bonsai at him. Daniel becomes convicted for damaging property. What will become of the trial? Losing a loved one is so painful that one may sometimes wish to be able to resurrect them—a weakness that the enigmatic Millennium Earl exploits. To make his mechanical weapons known as "Akuma," he uses the souls of the dead that are called back. Once a soul is placed in an Akuma, it is trapped forever, and the only way to save them is to exorcise them from their vessel using the Anti-Akuma weapon, "Innocence." After spending three years as the disciple of General Cross, Allen Walker is sent to the Black Order—an organization comprised of those willing to fight Akuma and the Millennium Earl—to become an official Exorcist. With an arm as his Innocence and a cursed eye that can see the suffering souls within an Akuma, it's up to Allen and his fellow Exorcists to stop the Millennium Earl's ultimate plot: one that can lead to the destruction of the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A series of short specials where Friagne and Marianne explain different terms from the second season of Shakugan no Shana. Sena is like any other shy kid starting high school; he's just trying to survive. Constantly bullied, he's accustomed to running away. Surviving high school is about to become a lot more difficult after Hiruma, captain of the school's American football team, witnesses Sena's incredible agility and speed during an escape from some bullies. Hiruma schemes to make Sena the running back of his school team, The Devil Bats, hoping that it will turn around the squad's fortunes from being the laughingstock of Japan's high school leagues, to title contender. To protect his precious star player from rivaling recruiters, he enlists Sena as "team secretary," giving him a visored helmet and the nickname "Eyeshield 21" to hide his identity. The Devilbats will look to make their way to the Christmas Bowl, an annual tournament attended by the best football teams in Japan, with "Eyeshield 21" leading the way. Will they be able to win the Christmas Bowl? Will Sena be able to transform from a timid, undersized freshman to an all-star player? Put on your pads and helmet to find out! Kirari Tsukishima, a gluttonous 14-year-old beauty, is a girl who does not care about idols and the entertainment world because her mind is occupied by food. Her obsession with food only causes her to be clueless about love. One day, after saving a turtle that is stranded in a tree, Kirari meets with a handsome and gentle boy named Seiji, who gives her ticket to a SHIPS (a popular idol group) concert to show his gratitude for her saving his pet. Kirari then storms off to the concert and runs into another boy, who tears up her ticket and warns her to stay away from Seiji because she and Seiji live in different worlds. The outraged Kirari then sneaks into the concert, only to discover that Seiji and the boy who tore her ticket, named Hiroto, are actually members of SHIPS. Finally understanding the meaning of "different worlds" (Seiji is a popular idol while she is an average middle school student), Kirari refuses to give up. Filled with determination to be with Seiji, she declares that she will also become an idol. (Source: Wikipedia) After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. There is no putting it lightly—Tsunayoshi Sawada is just no good. He is clumsy, talentless, and desperately in love with the school idol Kyouko Sasagawa, a girl so completely out of his league. Dubbed "Loser Tsuna" by his classmates, he seems to be the very personification of failure in the guise of a middle-schooler. Tsuna's boring life takes an extraordinary twist when he encounters the mysterious Reborn, who happens to be a hitman... and shockingly, a baby! Sent from the strongest Mafia family in Italy, Reborn is assigned the daunting mission of preparing the dull middle schooler to succeed the ninth boss of the notorious Vongola family, who is on the brink of retirement. The dull boy has a grueling road ahead, but with the help of his new criminal affiliates and his peculiar home tutor, perhaps even Loser Tsuna can achieve greatness. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yoshimura Sumimura comes from a long line of "Kekkaishi," individuals who have supernatural abilities and are able to destroy evil creatures called Ayakashi that venture into the human realm from time to time. The Ayakashi are demons that look to feast on the power emanating from the land of Karasumori, which also happens to be where Yoshimura's high school is located. Now, Yoshimura must fight to protect his beloved school and hometown. Although, if it were up to him, he would rather be baking cakes than fighting off the ugly characters that show up at night. Thankfully, Yoshimura isn't the only one helping to keep the baddies at bay. His childhood friend and neighbor, Tokine Yukimura, joins him in this righteous battle. Despite the fact that they are from rival clans, these two make a fantastic team. And teamwork is something vital to fighting the evil that is closing in, as the Ayakashi attack in waves, looking to claim the land as their own, and a shadowy organization looks on, ready to pounce when the time is right... A special released with the Blu-ray edition of the movie containing alternate events after the end of the TV series. A special Christmas episode. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Shuurei needs to deal with more obstacles in the new series. More danger comes her way but at the same time meeting friends who will help her with her work as an official. (Source: ANN) Gang Tu-Ji is just a normal passionate and determined (pun intended) 13 year old boy trying to woo the prettiest girl in school. That is until 4 mysterious creatures crash through his roof one day. Tu-Ji ends up reluctantly helping them out by transforming into Tribe Captain via the Giga Stone's power they brought. And the creatures themselves are able to morph into fully humanoid super sentai-like warriors! Together they fight against friends and strangers who have been possessed by the evil Bavaria in a catch-phrase sitcom manner. According to Murphy's Law, "anything that can go wrong, will go wrong," and truer words cannot describe the unfortunate life of the hard-working Hayate Ayasaki. Abandoned by his parents after accumulating a debt of over one hundred fifty million yen, he is sold off to the yakuza, initiating his swift getaway from a future he does not want. On that fateful night, he runs into Nagi Sanzenin, a young girl whom he decides to try and kidnap to pay for his family's massive debt. Unfortunately, due to his kind-hearted nature and a string of misunderstandings, Nagi believes Hayate to be confessing his love to her. After saving her from real kidnappers, Hayate is hired as Nagi's personal butler, upon which she is revealed to be a member of one of the wealthiest families in Japan. Highly skilled but cursed with the world's worst luck, Hayate gets straight to work serving his employer all the while trying to deal with the many misfortunes that befall him. From taking care of a mansion to fending off dangerous foes, and even unintentionally wooing the hearts of the women around him, Hayate is in over his head in the butler comedy Hayate no Gotoku! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Additional specials included in two Blu-ray Box volumes of Soul Eater. Originally they were a part of late-night version of dual broadcast of Soul Eater; the regular Monday 6:00 p.m. version and a late-night "Soul Eater Late Show" version. Special footage was added at the start and end of the commercial break; the next episode preview was also different from the regular version. (Source: Wikipedia) As Shu's village was being attacked by an unknown enemy, he and his friends, Jiro and Kluke decide to defend their home. They soon meet warrior Zola and receive the powers of Shadow, an ability that let's them transform their shadow into a powerful monster. Shu receives one of the most powerful monsters, Blue Dragon, and they all set out to defeat their enemy. (Source: ANN) Tomoya Okazaki is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away. One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself.  Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Nagisa Furukawa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing. However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school.  Eventually he concedes and befriends her.  Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club.  Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls. As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems.  As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realize life isn't as dull as he once thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]   Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second OVA series based on the gag manga written and illustrated by Usuta Kyousuke that ran in Shuukan Shounen Jump from 2000 to 2010. (Source: AniDB) Two extended specials. The first one parodies Monta Mino, a famous real life Japanese entertainer. The second one parodies the US television show "24". A seed of hope descends from the sky, landing atop Flappy's head and sprouting between his ears. Goyaan is sent after the seed of hope and uses a seed of despair to transform an Uzaina, causing big trouble for the Precure! Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ten years ago, the World Tree that protected peace and order of the world was being targeted by an evil organization called the Zakum. The Human race led four other races: the brave warriors, the intelligent magicians, the agile archers and the sly thieves in a fight against the Zakums. In the end, the World Tree activated self-destruction to protect itself. However, the other races thought it was the Human race that destroyed the World Tree. When the World Tree was destroyed most of the races had nothing left, so a number of them went to Maple Island thinking the ones who stayed would die. They escaped Victoria and lived on Maple Island where living is getting harder and harder. Since then, a never-ending war between the different races began. Ten years later, the main protagonist, Al, is determined to revive the World Tree. Al and his companions begin their journey to seek the seeds of the World Tree. At the same time, the Zakums reappear… (Source: Wikipedia) The 2008 animated omnibus Indie Anibox: Selma's Protein Coffee consists of three inventive short films from up-and-coming directors. Kim Woon Ki's kooky mystery thriller "Wanted" is set in a peaceful village suddenly disrupted by heavy rainfall and the appearance of a strange old woman named Selma. Yeon Sang Ho's 3-D animation "Love is Protein" is an inventive black comedy about three poor roommates who break their piggy banks to order fried chicken - only to discover their prospective meal is the son of a weeping chicken. Jang Hyung Yoon's surreal "A Coffee Vending Machine and Its Sword" follows a swordsman who reincarnates as a coffee vending machine and falls in love at first sight with the maintenance girl. (Source: YesAsia) Unaired episode of the MapleStory series included on the 9th DVD Volume. Bamboo Blade specials released on DVD volumes 4 and 6. Done in a chibi flash animation style and set to bizzare scenarios. Bamboo Blade commercials featuring new animation. Some recycle scenarios such as Tama-chan sleeping in very high places or Miya-Miya fighting off drunk salary men in an RPG style. Others cross-over with each other like Azuma's space adventure scenario colliding with Yuuji's bicycle race scenario. The final commercial has all the characters meet together and take a photograph. Recap of Hidamari Sketch series included on the limited edition DVD ""Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x 365". Amu Hinamori is a student at Seiyo Elementary, where she has a reputation for being "cool and spicy"; however, her real personality is that of an extremely shy and easily intimidated girl. One night Amu makes a wish that she would have the courage to be reborn as her "would-be" self. The next morning Amu finds three brightly colored eggs—red, blue, and green—in her bed. Each egg eventually hatches into a Guardian Character: Ran, Miki, and Su. Guardian Characters are angel-like beings that aid a person into becoming their "would-be" selves and fulfill the person's dreams. The Guardian Characters accomplish this by giving encouragement and advice, but they can also temporarily change a person's personality and abilities. With the Guardian Characters, Amu's life becomes much more complex as she now struggles to deal with her new personalities and the Seiyo Elementary Guardians—a student council group where each member has their own Guardian Character—who recruits Amu to search for and seal the X eggs and X Characters, corrupted forms of people's dreams.  The Mukai siblings, Sunao and Ai, were having a normal day, when suddenly, a space ship suddenly fell into the yard of their house!? What came from within the ship was a little girl who called herself Yurumi. "We're from the cosmic repair shop, 'Rutsubo Mechanic Company,'" said another girl, Yurumi's partner, Shimeru, who stepped out afterwards. And so, in the Mukai household, a comedy of cosmic proportions unfolds! (Source: MU) The series focuses on Neuro Nougami, a demon who feeds on mysteries and puzzles, who comes to the human world to feast on the mysteries offered by humans who release negative energy from their planned crimes. As a demon, he must not make his presence noticed by the humans as it is the law in the human world. Because of this, he makes a permanent deal with Yako Katsuragi (who has her own personal mystery she has to solve), and together they solve crimes for Neuro's appetite. Kojirou is the kendo instructor for Muroe High School and he's totally broke. But then an unexpected chance is given to him: his team must win against his senpai's team and the prize is: free meals for a whole year! Now, the only problem left... where to find girls skilled enough and willing to join the kendo team? Youkai Academy is a seemingly normal boarding school, except that its pupils are monsters learning to coexist with humans. All students attend in human form and take normal academic subjects, such as literature, gym, foreign language, and mathematics. However, there is one golden rule at Youkai Academy—all humans found on school grounds are to be executed immediately! Tsukune Aono is an average teenager who is unable to get into any high school because of his bad grades. His parents inadvertently enroll him into Youkai Academy as a last-ditch effort to secure his education. As Tsukune unknowingly enters this new world, he has a run-in with the most attractive girl on campus, Moka Akashiya. Deciding to stay in the perilous realm in order to further his relationship with Moka, he does not realize that beneath her beauty lies a menacing monster—a vampire. Rosario to Vampire is a supernatural school comedy that explores Tsukune's romantic exploits, experiences, and misadventures with a bevy of beautiful but dangerous creatures. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Still working to get his wish complete, Watanuki finds himself into more mess than he can handle when certain facts about his everyday life gets revealed and when he needs to learn the lesson of Yuuko the hard way. (Source: ANN) Misaki Takahashi is a regular high school student who is preparing for his university entrance exams. In order to reduce the stress of studying, or so he hopes, he accepts the help of his older brother's best friend, and famous author, Akihiko Usami. However, Masaki is about to find out that Usami's books are of a very naughty genre, and that there may be something naughty waking up inside Masaki as well. Junjou Romantica also follows the story of two other couples loosely connected to Masaki and Usami's "Romantica." Egoist shows the very passionate, but often complicated, relationship between university professor Hiroki Kamijou (whose life has reached an all time low) and paediatrician Nowaki Kusama, who falls for Hiroki at first sight and would do anything to make him happy. The third story, "Terrorist," shows just how obsessive love can become when rich eighteen-year-old Shinobu Takatsuki finally discovers something that he cannot have so easily—the literature professor You Miyagi. There is passion abound as these three couples try to achieve their goals in life while also falling into temptation and anguish with their partners. The second season of Minami-Ke. It picks up where the first season left off, and just like the first season, it's about the daily lives of the three Minami sisters, Haruka, Kana and Chiaki, and their school friends. After the final game of his Seishuu team against the goal he set himself, Kaidou—the team he left to play against, Gorou has no feelings of remorse anymore. Again he decides to take a step forward and challenge himself. Saying one more time good bye to Shimizu and his friends, he leaves for the USA, where he plans on competing in the Minor League. This is where Season 4 starts, in a country that's foreign to him, a baseball style that's unknown to him and new friends and strong rivals who share the same love to the game as him. Accompany Gorou in his never-ending quest for new challenges. (Source: AniDB) More crazy antics abound as Nozomu Itoshiki, a.k.a Zetsubou-sensei, who is the worlds most negative person, tries to teach class 2-F about how life is filled with despair and darkness. A harder task than it first may seem, with his students being far from ordinary themselves, including the likes of the most positive girl he has ever met, his very own stalker, a foreign exchange student with split personalities and a perfectionist acting class president, due to the fact the real class president can't be seen by anyone, among others. (Source: ANN) Based On a Visual Novel developed by Minato Soft. Due to family troubles, Ren Uesugi and his sister, Mihato, leave their home. They end up moving to the city but find themselves with a lack of money. Somehow they are able to find work in the form of the Kuonji family's mansion, being employed as servants to the three sisters of the Kuonji family: Shinra, Miyu, and Yume. Being a servant also associates Ren with the mansion's additional servants and the Kuonji sisters' friends. (Source: Wikipedia) It is said that every few years, there is what's known as the "Summer of Anu."  During that summer, thanks to the divine protection of the sky-god Anu, all of the demons in the tower lose their power.  The country of Uruk has begun an invasion of the tower in order to suppress the demons.  They've built up positions inside the tower, with their sights set on getting to the upper levels.  The Uruk army knows that this is the third Summer of Anu-a perfect time to launch a mission to suppress the monster Druaga once and for all.  The army soldiers aren't the only ones in the tower, though.  An enitre city called Meskia has formed inside the tower's first floor.  It plays host not just to soldiers, but also to adventurers who have heard rumors about a legendary treasure called the Blue Crystal Rod, which is said to rest at the very top of the tower.  With all these different groups in the mix, each with its own agenda, one can only guess how things will play out during this unusual summer. (Source:  Newtype Magazine) The 3rd and final season of Chibinacs. A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants. Remake of the Yatterman series. "See the world" With these words, Rahzel, the daughter of a rich family, is kicked out of her house and sent on her journey. Along the way she meets up with Heat and Alzeid, two men with very different personalities but very similar journeys. Rahzel is a clever, stubborn, and confident girl, who, with the powers of her magic and mind helps the people she runs into on her journey to discover the world. Originally an April's Fool in 2007, this one episode OVA is a spin-off of the School Days game by 0verflow, and shows Kokoro Katsura, the little sister of one of the main characters, from her other side. A mahou shoujo out to save the world, or something like that. (Source: AniDB) An uncut version of episode six, involving Kamina's hopes of seeing Yoko and The Black Siblings naked, even at the risk of his friends' safety. (Source: Wikipedia) An omnibus film depicting 15 fictional sports events created by different directors. Onlypic stands for only + pictures (video). After losing his family in a tragic terrorist attack when he was but a child, the main protagonist of Kure-nai , Shinkurou Kurenai, made a pact to stay strong no matter what. Now a high school student, he works with Benika as a mediator and lives with the Houzuki family, training and gradually mastering the family martial arts. Together with other members of the team, Shinkurou aims to aid those who seek his help. One day, Benika brings a beautiful 7-year-old girl from a wealthy family, Murasaki Kuhouin, to the Houzuki house. When Shinkurou asks for a more challenging mission, he is left with the task of guarding this young lady. At first, he takes these orders for granted. However, when he comes home to find that Murasaki is gone, he panics, frantically running around to search for her. Thankfully, he soon finds her, and from that moment on, a bond between Murasaki and Shinkurou is formed that is sure to evolve into something more. Will Murasaki be able to help Shinkurou get past his tragic past? Or is it the other way around? How will these two face the challenges sure to come their way? Chisato is a beautiful 35-year-old writer, who looks like 18, and the father of Riju, a cute 15-year-old boy. Chisato's hobby is to drive away all of Riju's friends because he thinks they want to corrupt his precious child, so he shows his good side to these boys while he poisons the cake he brings them with a smile; however, there is one guy, Shunsuke, who doesn't fall for the tricks. But is Shunsuke really aiming for Riju? Who is that mysterious writer Chisato loves so much? And why is Chisato convinced that Riju's friends want to take advantage of him? (Source: Evil Empire) An amazing time machine invention allows Ryoutsu to return to the years of his childhood. A new idol unit is formed to teach people the importance of traffic safety. Timid 16-year-old Rito Yuuki has yet to profess his love to Haruna Sairenji—a classmate and object of his infatuation since junior high. Sadly, his situation becomes even more challenging when one night, a mysterious, stark-naked girl crash-lands right on top of a bathing Rito. To add to the confusion, Rito discovers that the girl, Lala Satalin Deviluke, is the crown princess of an alien empire and has run away from her home. Despite her position as the heiress to the most dominant power in the entire galaxy, Lala is surprisingly more than willing to marry the decidedly average Rito in order to avoid an unwanted political marriage. To LOVE-Ru depicts Rito's daily struggles with the bizarre chaos that begins upon the arrival of Lala. With an evergrowing legion of swooning beauties that continuously foil his attempted confessions to Haruna, To LOVE-Ru  is a romantic comedy full of slapstick humor, sexy girls, and outlandishly lewd moments that defy the laws of physics. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When Sanpeita Kobayashi was a child, his lovely friend had to move away, but she vowed that in ten years, they would meet again—as husband and wife. Ten years later, Sanpeita is a high school student, but he hasn't forgotten the feelings they shared. Sanpeita awakes from a dream about his last day with her, only to have his morning interrupted. A weird robot girl is battling other robots in his bedroom, claiming to be his wife. The robot's pilot looks like none other than Sanpeita's long-lost, childhood friend. But who is she really? Why did she have to leave? And what does she have to do with the Mishima Electronics Corporation? Hakujo Academy is a private high school with a student body filled with elite students. At the top of this list is the beautiful Haruka Nogizaka, an intelligent and wealthy girl who comes from a prestigious family, and is by far the most idolized girl at school. Her popularity is so great that her classmates occasionally give her French nicknames to further express their infatuation. Yuuto Ayase is a timid boy who has the unbelievable luck of sitting in class with Haruka every day. Like many others, he admires her from a distance, never even dreaming of approaching her. But with a sudden twist of fate, Yuuto's random visit to the school library brings Haruka's darkest secret to light, one which could potentially destroy her current reputation of elegance. As it turns out, the school's most beloved princess is actually a huge otaku. This revelation marks the beginning of a beautiful friendship between these two classmates. Hikari Hanazono has always been second to Kei Takishima. When they were six years old, their pro-wrestling loving fathers introduced them to each other. Assuming that she was the best in wrestling, young Hikari challenged Kei to a wrestling match only to be thoroughly defeated by him. Ever since that fateful incident, Hikari swore to beat Kei in school grades, sporting events—anything. To do this, she has enrolled in the same school as Kei since elementary. Now she attends Hakusenkan, an ultra elite school, that costs her carpenter father a lot of money. Hikari and Kei are the top two students in the school, with Kei holding firmly to that number one position. While Hikari considers Kei to be a rival and important friend, she is completely unaware that Kei loves her. The story primarily focuses on Hikari and her constant attempts to defeat her one and only rival, Kei, and how she finds love in their rivalry. A children's series featuring on-chan, the television station HTB's mascot character. on-chan has appeared in parades and various promotions for the station since 1997. Kouta has girl troubles of the supernatural sort. For some reason, he keeps attracting the attention (and affections) of animal spirits! Having spent most of his life in the country, Kouta is understandably nervous when he moves in with his grandma to attend a high school in the big city. He hoped to make a good impression, but having Chizuru, a beautiful fox spirit, hanging off his arm didn't seem to be the sort of image he wanted to have. She's not alone in her love for Kouta, either. Nozomu, a wolf spirit, as well as other youkai have their sights set on the hapless country boy. The anime is based on Kazuo Hara's comedy manga in which mascot characters live and work among humans. Agencies have been set up to train mascots to babysit children and then to place the mascots within families. Noramimi is one such mascot at the Hello Kids branch office #59. Unfortunately, no family wants to adopt a mascot born from a demon (oni) family, so he is stuck living at the agency. Source: ANN, Moon Phase The Japanese animation production company Animax announced that Kaeruotoko-Shokai's second theatrical Flash-animated film, Sguy and The Family Stone the Movie, will open in a limited engagement in Japan on February 16. (Source: ANN) Midarezaki Ouka is used to having strange things happen to him -after all, he is the head of the Great Japanese Empire Paranormal Phenomena Bureau of Measures. But when he catches a small cat girl in the shopping district stealing apples, his whole life rearranges to fit a new operation... OPERATION COZY FAMILY. Thousands of years ago, Enka the God of Destruction, was killed. However, with a dying breath it claimed that its child would appear and destroy humanity. Now in futuristic Japan, all of the potential children of Enka have been found and placed into a haphazard family. Teika the lion, Gekka the jellyfish, Yuuka the oni, Ginka the cross-dressing mafia son, and Hyouka the bioweapon--along with their parents Ouka and Kyouka (the ruler of a demon underworld)--all live under one roof in a family frenzy. Death City is home to the famous Shibusen, a technical academy headed by the Shinigami–Lord Death himself. Its mission: to raise "Death Scythes" for the Shinigami to wield against the many evils of their fantastical world. These Death Scythes, however, are not made from physical weapons; rather, they are born from human hybrids who have the ability to transform their bodies into Demon Weapons, and only after they have consumed the souls of 99 evil beings and one witch's soul. Soul Eater Evans, a Demon Scythe who only seems to care about what's cool, aims to become a Death Scythe with the help of his straight-laced wielder, or meister, Maka Albarn. The contrasting duo work and study alongside the hot headed Black☆Star and his caring weapon Tsubaki, as well as the Shinigami's own son, Death the Kid, an obsessive-compulsive dual wielder of twin pistols Patty and Liz. Soul Eater follows these students of Shibusen as they take on missions to collect souls and protect the city from the world's threats while working together under the snickering sun to become sounder in mind, body, and soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After passing her entrance exam, Yuno enrolls at Yamabuki High School as part of an art degree. She stays at the Hidamari Apartments along with best friend Miyako, and seniors Hiro and Sae. Each episode follows a day in her life as she mingles with her friends, close peers, overly hyper teachers and closely follows the mundane lives of the high school girls. (Note: This season also takes place in Yuno's first year at high school, and overlaps with season one of the show) (Source: ANN) Toshokan Sensou tells the story of Kasahara Iku, the first woman to join the Library Task Force. In the near future in Japan, the Media Enhancement Law has been forced upon the population censoring all books and media. To counter this, the Library Defense Force was created. To protect themselves against the Media Enhancement Law Commission, all major libraries are fully equipped with a military Task Force, who take it upon themselves to protect the books and freedom of media of the people. This anime follows Iku and her fellow soldiers as they protect various special books and artifacts from the oppression of the Media Enhancement Law Commission. A love story, war story, and comedy all rolled into one. While the young Angelique lives out her days peacefully in her school, attacks from the monstrous Thanatos has been increasing everywhere else. Two Purifiers show up one day, men with the power to exterminate the Thanatos. One of them, Nyx, attempts to convince Angelique to join them in their work, as she has the power to be the only female Purifier. As Angelique hesitates, a Thanatos shows up in their school. Nyx and the other Purifier, Rayne, fight a losing battle. With her classmates falling prey to the Thanatos, and the Purifiers beaten to submission, Angelique's desire to save everyone awakens. She became the only female Purifier in their land of Arcadia, the one known as the "Queen's Egg". Fujiwara Naeka is a typical 17-year-old high school student. Or so we thought. She's really one of two surviving heirs of a tycoon who has the right to inherit his mass fortune when she turns 18 in half a year. Fubuki, a young and beautiful maid, and Kogarashi, a big burly maid guy with a mask, have been assigned to keep Naeka and her brother Kousuke safe from those who would plot their demise, and to steal the fortune she would inherit. (Source: AniDB) The story continues where it left off at season 1, but now we start to get to know the people we already know a little more in detail. (Source: ANN) Magician's Academy revolves around Takuto Hasegawa, who attends a magic academy that is not marked on any map. During a summoning spell exam, he accidentally creates a girl named Tanarotte, who happens to hold enough magical power to destroy his country, but fortunately Tanarotte professes undying loyalty (and love) to her "creator." (Source: ANN) Silent, apathetic, yet mischievous, 14-year-old Rokujou Miharu is the bearer of the hijutsu, "Shinrabanshou," a powerful technique many ninja clans desire to possess to become the ruler of Nabari. Fellow classmate Kouichi and his English teacher Kumohira are both secretly Banten clan ninjas, pledging themselves to protect Miharu from his many attackers. Keeping apathetic, Miharu attempts to reject their invitation to join their ninja "club." However, after numerous attacks, he finds no choice but to join their group as a means for his survival. Slowly, Miharu takes a step closer to becoming the ruler of Nabari. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special summary episode of the first season of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, focusing on seven of the girls: Komori Kiri, Matoi Tsunetsuki, Kobushi Abiru, Kimura Kaere, Kitsu Chiri, Sekiuchi "Maria" Tarou and Hitou Nami. Note: This entry also includes the 24 minute version which aired on BS11. Souichi Negishi is a timid young man who aspires to use his musical talents for a career as a pop star in the entertainment industry. But aspirations don't pay the rent, so in order to get by, he has joined the death metal band known as Detroit Metal City . On stage, Souichi becomes lead singer and guitarist Johannes Krauser II, publicized as a demon from hell that murdered his own parents and committed numerous other atrocities. Souichi’s band mates find themselves in similar predicaments; drummer Terumichi Nishida, stage name Camus, is actually an avid otaku who particularly enjoys ecchi anime, while bassist Masayuki Wada takes on the persona of Alexander Jagi, even though he would rather perform in a visual kei band. Despite loathing the music he plays, Souichi just cannot seem to get away from Detroit Metal City. He feels compelled not to abandon his fellow band members and knows his success with pop music is nowhere near what he can do as Johannes Krauser II. Negishi will have to decide what is more important—who he is now or who he wants to be. Zenryoku Usagi are hardworking construction builders — who happen to be rabbits — with a simple motto: "Zenryoku+Dai-ichi" ("Give everything you've got and be #1.") The animated shorts were aired in Japan within the Chibi Ani Gekijō (Tiny Anime Theater) program on Friday or Saturday mornings, depending on the station. Ikeda and Media Factory have created two books and numerous spinoff goods featuring the characters. (Source: Saikin Anime Jōhō) Following his brave sacrifice in the war against Albion, Saito Hiraga is knighted and treated as an aristocrat, something that proves difficult for Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière. With their relationship no longer defined as the mighty Void mage and clueless familiar, she wonders what exactly this means for them. While venturing to a castle, Louise is ambushed by a powerful mage named Sheffield. Battling alone, the young mage nearly faces defeat until Saito makes his appearance. The mystical and unknown nature of Void magic seems to be at work in the battle, and Louise begins to believe in the possibility of another Void user. Moreover, she realizes that Saito's magical rune is fading, and so a new adventure begins as they search for the elf who revived Saito in the past. The relationship between former master and servant faces a new challenge as they work to restore the runes and redefine the bond which holds them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When her newly-built home is razed to the ground by an earthquake, low-achieving, clumsy, and troublesome third-year high school student Kotoko Aihara is forced to share a roof with the school's—and possibly Japan's—smartest student, Naoki Irie. Kotoko is not actually a complete stranger to Irie-kun; unfortunately, a single love letter that she tried to give him in the past has already sealed her fate as far as he is concerned. Throw in some quirky friends and a meddlesome mother, and Kotoko might not even have a snowball's chance in hell of winning the older Irie boy's heart. Yet Kotoko remains optimistic that, because she now lives in his house, her unattainable crush on the genius since the beginning of high school has never been more within reach. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVA that came with the PlayStation 2 game "School Days L×H" Makoto, Sekai, Kotonoha, and many other classmates all go to a hot springs hotel to relax, where they discuss what their plans are for the upcoming Valentine's Day. When the day actually comes, half a dozen girls fight over who gets to give chocolate to Makoto. (Source: ANN) A grey and white kitten with black stripes wanders away from her mother and siblings one day while enjoying a walk outside. Lost in her surroundings, the kitten struggles to find her family and instead is found by a young boy, Youhei, and his mother. They take the kitten home, but pets are not allowed in their housing complex, so they try to find a new home for the kitten. This proves to be difficult, and the family eventually decides to keep the kitten, naming her "Chi." (Source: Wikipedia) The movie is a retelling of the Drum Island arc with new music and animation. Vivi has been removed from the plot while both Nico Robin and Franky, who joined the crew after the Drum Island arc, have been added. The movie also has the Straw Hat's new ship, the Thousand Sunny. It has been stated that Oda will be creating a new character for this movie, Wapol's older brother, Mushul, who also appears to be a Devil Fruit user. (Source: Wikipedia) Three DVD-only episodes made from the light novels, which flesh out characters and plot events from the original series and establish closure to the story as Carol and the Vice President return to New York. Web and DVD based 10 Episode OVA featuring the Imagin stars of the popular 2007 Kamen Rider Den-O live action tv series. Shana-tan specials bundled with the limited edition first and fifth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana II (Second) DVD and the limited edition Shakugan no Shana II (Second) guide book. Episodes #1: Shakugan no Shana-tan Begins #2: Shakugan no Shana-tan & Yoshida: Konoe Fumina no Gyakushuu #3: Shakugan no Shana-tan Revenge Based on a shounen manga by Takenashi Eri, serialised in Comic REX. Our unlucky protagonist, Jin, uses the trunk of a sacred tree to carve a statue for a school project. When he takes it outside, to his surprise it begins absorbing the surrounding earth and transforms into, hold your breath on this one, a girl! So like all similar setups this guardian deity is pretty pissed that her tree was cut down and lives with Jin while she takes out her anger on squashing bugs....er, cleaning the "Impurities." Chocolate and other sweets have been banned thanks to the political reign of the Good For You Party, and the new laws are enforced strictly, with force if need be. Smudger and Huntley are two teen boys determined to eat chocolate again. They search out  rumored chocolate bootleggers, eventually starting their own chocolate underground distribution. Based on the the British children's novel Bootleg by Alex Shearer. Special lesson about Mine, Masumi, Chiaki and Nodame's travel to Nagano. The slapstick comedy centers on Genzō Tamura, a 19-year-old third-generation construction worker in the working-class neighborhood of Beranme. When the Kuromoku Group urban developers threatens the neighborhood with Chainsaw Mika and Dynamite Dan, Tamura must save his town with his trusty hammer. Source: ANN Federation investigator Birdy chases the space criminal Geega through space to Earth, where he hides in the entertainment industry under a human disguise. Birdy goes undercover herself, posing as famous model “Arita Shion” that often uses a ‘space girl’ look. A male student, Senkawa, stumbles upon a fight between the two one night in an abandoned building only to be severed in half as he is used as a shield by Geega against Birdy. Birdy heals him from imminent death in some fashion- but Senkawas body, and life, are now changed and permanently linked to Birdy. (Source: ANN) The daily life of the Motsumoto family. The three sisters, Fuu, Suu, and Chii, follow what happens on a daily basis. Mother and Father have to deal with them sometimes, but they're used to it. A short 2 episodes attempt to conclude the series. Karasuma goes to America after then end of the third term. Will Harima finally confess? What will happen with Tenma and Karasuma? A high school crush, a world-class pastry chef, a former middle-weight boxing champion... and a whole lot of cake! Ono has come a long way since the agonizing day in high school when he confessed his love to handsome Tachibana. Now, some 14 years later Ono, a world-class pastry chef and gay playboy has it all. No man can resist Ono's charms (or his cooking skills!) but he has just found a new position under a man named Tachibana. Can this be the only man who resisted his charms, and if so, will the man who once snubbed the "magically gay" Ono get his just deserts? And how in the heck did a former middleweight boxing champion wind up as Ono's cake boy? (Source: DMP) Having lost the Sword of Light in the previous battle, Lina and Gourry continue their journey in search of a replacement weapon. On the way, the two of them meet up with Amelia and Zelgadis in the kingdom of Luvinagard while taunting some pirates. Lina is happy to reunite with her old friends, but appearing before her is Luvinagard's Inspector of the Special Investigative Unit; a man called Wizer. However, Lina is amazed at his unusual behavior... (Source: ANN) On the day before the 765 Productions Fan Appreciation Event, each of the idols prepare to head home. However, Chihaya Kisaragi, uneasy about tomorrow's events, decides to have a last minute personal rehearsal. One thing leads to another as Chihaya, Miki and Haruka are dragged from one exciting situation to the next. What is the truck driver's true destination? What is the secret behind the old house? Will the girls make it in time for the event? Watch as Miki, Haruka, Chihaya and the other idols join together for their biggest adventure yet! (Source: e-n-m.net) They're cute, adorable and three of the most powerful Espers the world has ever seen: Kaoru, the brash psychokinetic who can move objects with her mind; Shiho, the sarcastic and dark natured psychometric able to pick thoughts from people's minds and read the pasts of inanimate objects like a book; and Aoi, the most collected and rational of the three, who has the ability to teleport herself and the others at will. So what to do with these potential psychic monsters in the making? Enter B.A.B.E.L., the Base of Backing ESP Laboratory, where hopefully "The Children" and others like them can become part of the answer to an increasing wave of psychic evolution. It's a win-win solution... Unless you're Koichi Minamoto, the overworked young man stuck with the unenviable task of field commanding a team of three pre-teen girls! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) About a young boy named Akigawa Yuta who gets sucked into a virtual world through his cell phone. He meets three strange creatures that travel with him on Yuta's adventure in this strange new world. Seigaku continues through the Nation tournament. Now they are up against the strongest team in the tournament, Rikkaidai. Based on Masuda Kosuke's popular gag manga. Famous for its cynicism and sarcasm. Features omnibus styled 5-minute episodes starring various characters; including historical figures. Struggling yet brilliant teenager Minato Sahashi has failed his college entrance exams for the second time, resulting in him being regarded as worthless by those around him. However, the course of his seemingly bleak future is altered dramatically when a beautiful, supernatural woman falls from the sky and into his life. That woman, Musubi, is a unique being known as a "Sekirei," a humanoid extraterrestrial with extraordinary abilities. These aliens are known for kissing humans carrying the Ashikabi gene in order to awaken additional latent powers deep within. Recognizing the potential within the seemingly insignificant youth, Musubi kisses the bewildered Minato, initiating a bond between the two of them. This drags him into the high-stakes world of the Sekirei, where he and his new partner must compete against others in a battle for survival called the "Sekirei Plan." However, unbeknownst to the contestants, there is far more at risk that what the competition initially entailed. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A short 5-minute special included in the "「Kyou no Go no Ni」 Collectable BOX" Limited Edition DVD released on January 30, 2008. At the end of season 2. Yuuri defeats Shinou, but since Shinou had been defeated, Yuuri and Murata could no longer go to the Shin Makoku. However, because Yuuri had fought and defeated him, his powers had surpassed that of Shinou's, resulting in him being able to rely on his own power to return to Shin Makoku. After the ceremony at the age of 16, Yuuri slowly begins to discover that much has happened while he was away. The ten officials of the noble family have decided to make Wolfram the next Maou, but now that Yuuri has returned and taken back his role as Maou, complications arise when one noble disagrees with Yuuri returning to the throne. In addition, an ancient secret society that threatens the peace of both humans and Mazoku has risen, and a fight for the throne that now leaves the nobles wondering who is the legitimate Maou. Episode 26 included in the ninth DVD volume of Kaibutsu Oujo . Animation studio Gainax presented a website for the release of a movie adaptation of the Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann TV series in the fall of 2008. Both the original director and series script editor will return to work on the new project. Gainax will also be hosting four events to celebrate this occasion at this year's Tokyo International Anime Fair, featuring voice actors from the anime. Naruto school special. Naruto is a new cool student and when he meets Sasuke they start fighting. Sakura Nankyoku is a total otaku. Due to a fluke, she gets elected as her class' Student Council President. Everything takes off from there into a series of crazy misadventures revolving around Sakura, her family, and her classmates. (Source: ANN) The OVAs are new stand alone shorts with characters from the series and introduces two new ones. It is now the third year of school, San and Luna's dads are still being over protective. All the while Nagasumi has his hands full trying to keep everyone around him under control and rescuing damsels in distress. (Source: ANN) Based on the Visual Novel ToHeart 2 AD (Another Days), the sequel to ToHeart 2. Side stories released exclusively on DVD. A side story of Darker than BLACK, also known as Episode 26. A Contractor was killed and it was rumored that his corpse and possessions were buried under a Sakura tree. Hei and the others (including the Police) decide to investigate. OVA episodes that are bundled with the limited edition of the manga volumes 23-25. First episode to cover chapters 176 and 177 of the manga. Second episode to cover chapters 178-180. And third episode to cover chapters 182 and 183. After the events of the Blue Dragon series, Shu and Bouquet join a resistance group to fight General Rogi's army of invasion.They encounter a mysterious child , Noi, who has the power to revive Shu's shadow counter-part Blue Dragon, and save her from the pursuit of a red dragon. Now Shu and his company have to set foot once again on a journey to discover the purpose of the dragons, undergo their tests and stop the chains of events which threatens the fate of humanity. (Source: ANN) Chinami and her friends have formed an organization called OZ, with the financial backing of the Kujo Group. Their goal is to peacefully integrate people with Type-E abilities into society, and oppose the Foundation, an organization which seeks to capture and control Type-E users for their own mysterious purposes. (Source: ANN) A year has passed since Tsukune was sent to the Youkai academy. Tsukune has gotten used to life there, or so he thought. As a second year, he and the girls are looked up to by the juniors. On the first day back to school, a sudden encounter with Shuzen Kokoa, takes a turn for the worst. What Adventures or should we say, misadventures await our human, vampire and friends? Ryuuji Takasu is a gentle high school student with a love for housework; but in contrast to his kind nature, he has an intimidating face that often gets him labeled as a delinquent. On the other hand is Taiga Aisaka, a small, doll-like student, who is anything but a cute and fragile girl. Equipped with a wooden katana and feisty personality, Taiga is known throughout the school as the "Palmtop Tiger." One day, an embarrassing mistake causes the two students to cross paths. Ryuuji discovers that Taiga actually has a sweet side: she has a crush on the popular vice president, Yuusaku Kitamura, who happens to be his best friend. But things only get crazier when Ryuuji reveals that he has a crush on Minori Kushieda—Taiga's best friend! Toradora! is a romantic comedy that follows this odd duo as they embark on a quest to help each other with their respective crushes, forming an unlikely alliance in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yasuo works at a ramen restaurant and is dating the pretty news reporter Yukiko. However, things aren't going well for him financially and after a customer leaves a green jacket behind, Yasuo starts adding to his income by walking the crowded streets of the Tokyo metroplex and stealing people's wallets. With this, he's able to buy his girlfriend a nice ring even though she says he didn't need to buy this for her. Over time, Yasuo becomes obsessed with becoming Lupin to the point that he reads and watches everything regarding him, he even works with Jigen for a time. However, when Yasuo learns of the Ice Cube diamond, he knows that if he can steal this, he will be the real Lupin. (Source: Lupin Wiki, edited) About the daily lives of a boy and his talking penguin. Fireball takes place during the war between humans and robots. There is no real story, just individual episode skits. In a city filled with anthropomorphic cat-people, Catman lives free of rules and boundaries, doing everything he wants, which often collides with the other iinhabitants of the city. Created entirely in flash, with no spoken dialog, Catman instead speaks in English and Japanese subtitles. The series is spread across three so-called 'seasons', with only the third having been aired. Hennako-chan is a black comedy series targeted at adult readers. The main character is an eccentric elementary school girl who has telekinetic powers that enable her to manipulate other people, animals, and even plants or objects by just staring at them. The series follows the helter-skelter daily lives of Hennako-chan and the people around her, including her family consisting of her very cracker-barrel parents, hot-to-trot elder sister, and a former stray dog, who are always thrown into frenzy by Hennako-chan's super-natural powers that expose their secrets. (Source: ANN) Serial murders involving all kinds have happened. All the victims are from a Music School led by a famous pianist. Conan and company have been invited to a opening concert of the Music Hall built by the pianist. The biggest attraction of this concert is the world famous violin called "Stradivarius" and a special appearance of a singer who has perfect pitch. (Source: ANN) A special bonus Parody Mode added to the extras of the .hack//G.U. Trilogy (Source: AniDB) The OVA features six separate stories revolving around the cast, some of which border on the bizarre; one of which is an MMORPG environment being played by Konata, Kagami, Tsukasa, and Nanako Kuroi, and another in which Kagami has a "suggestive" dream about Konata. (Source: Wikipedia) There were once two young girls who met on a playground. They shared a kiss before separating for ten years. One fell in love with the other from that day forward. The other grew up and forgot. Nowadays, Shinobu and Momoko attend the same girls' school. They are polar opposites: Momoko enforces decency and order as part of the disciplinary committee, while the delinquent Shinobu collects lovers and failing grades alike. But Shinobu has never truly forgotten the afternoon she and Momoko shared as children. As they and their friends navigate the challenges of schoolwork and schoolgirl crushes, they begin to rediscover their feelings for each other. Having been given the opportunity to study in Paris, Noda accompanies Chiaki to Europe as he strives to become the accomplished conductor he always dreamt to be. (Source: ANN) The world of Yozakura Quartet is actually not one, but two worlds: one of humans, and one of youkai. Despite appearing mostly human, youkai may have animal like physical traits, along with a number of special abilities. Normally youkai are confined to their world, but some have found their way into the realm of humanity. As a symbol of peace, and a bridge between the two realms, a city was constructed within the protective barrier of seven magical trees, otherwise known as the Seven Pillars. This city of Sakurashin is home to both humans and youkai, with the peace between them maintained by the Hizumi Life Counseling Office. The director of this office is Akina Hiizumi, a teenager with the inherited family ability to perform “tuning,” which can send harmful youkai back to their world permanently. He is aided by a group of girls, including the town’s 16 year old youkai mayor, Hime Yarizakura, their town’s announcer and resident telepath, Ao Nanami, and Kotoha Isone, a half-youkai who can summon objects just by stating the object’s name. As new residents enter and mysterious events begin to take place, this quartet of protectors and their closest friends must continue to guard the city of Sakurashin, and maintain the fragile balance of peace between humans and youkai. On their first day of high school shy Ayumi Nonomura and taciturn Tatsuki Iizuka become lost on the immense campus of Kamizono Academy. An irresistible force of nature named Torako Kageyama accompanied by her best friend Suzume Saotome appears in front of them. Led, sometimes pushed, by Torako, the girls and their classmates work through problems of school, home and adolescence. Bright, diligent, and yet naïve 16-year-old Kyouko Mogami works hard to support the career and dreams of her childhood friend, crush, and rising pop icon, Shoutarou Fuwa. Toiling endlessly at burger joints and tea ceremonies, the innocent Kyouko remains unaware that day in day out, all her tireless efforts have been taken for granted, until, one day, she finds out that her beloved Shou sees her as nothing but a free servant. Shocked, heartbroken and enraged, she vows to take revenge on the rookie star by entering the ruthless world of entertainment herself. As she steps into this new life, Kyouko will face new challenges as well as people who will push her out of her comfort zone. Based on the best-selling shoujo manga by Yoshiki Nakamura, Skip Beat showcases the growth of a young woman who slowly unlearns how to work herself to the bone for the satisfaction of others and takes her future into her own hands instead. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yuuhi Katagiri is not your average girl – she's the treasured daughter of the Katagiri family. She's generally kept under strict supervision, but one day ends up walking home from school on her own. This proves to be instant trouble when a group of boys start harassing her. Junichi Nagase, who was on his way home from a convenience store, sees the troubled Yuuhi and comes to her rescue. One of the boys recognized Junichi as the famed "Geno Killer" and they dash off. Yuuhi thanks Junichi and when she asked for his name, he just waves and leaves. Of course, he regrets trying to act cool in front of the beautiful girl right away, wishing he asked her name. The following day, a transfer student joins Junichi's class – it's Yuuhi! She calls Junichi out as the "Geno Killer", the only name she remembers him by, and rumors about the two spread quickly. Matters are made worse when Junichi kisses Yuuhi due to a misunderstanding. And on top of all that, it turns out that Junichi is Yuuhi's fiancé! Yuuhi doesn't see Junichi as someone worthy. But, she could not go against her father's wishes. The only thing that Yuuhi can do is live with Junichi in the house he shares with his little sister Minato, and prove that Junichi is not worthy to be her husband. Will she succeed in proving his unworthiness, or will she fall in love on the way? Special episode based on manga Navigation 39 entitled "The Secret Place". Its action takes place between episodes 5 and 6 of Aria the Origination. Akari and President Aria take a walk in the eastern part of Neo-Venezia. The are spotted by Akatsuki, who follows them to try to greet Akari. They eventually end up at St Mark's Basilica, where Akari has a secret place, which is discovered by Akatsuki, Aika, and Alice. (Source: Wikipedia) A 86-minute DVD episode that includes an uncensored summary of the original TV series. The second part of Junjou Romantica continuing the story. Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2) A mysterious reiatsu (spiritual particle) explosion occurs in the center of Seireitei in Soul Society, causing it to be destroyed. At the exact same time, a major change overwhelms Kuchiki Rukia, which leaves her losing something important inside. Urahara Kisuke sends Kurosaki Ichigo to Soul Society to investigate the disturbance. Upon reaching Seireitei, Ichigo is set upon and attacked by shinigamis, once allies, who have no memory of him and Rukia. Now alone and on the run, Ichigo must find the missing Rukia and uncover the cause of the mysterious incident before it's too late. (Source: ANN) Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA. A 30-minute Inuyasha feature titled Kuroi Tessaiga screened on Takahashi Rumiko's picture exhibitions across Japan. In January 2010, this special ended up, slightly edited, as episode 15 of Inuyasha Kanketsu-hen. Young Ciel Phantomhive is known as "the Queen's Guard Dog," taking care of the many unsettling events that occur in Victorian England for Her Majesty. Aided by Sebastian Michaelis, his loyal butler with seemingly inhuman abilities, Ciel uses whatever means necessary to get the job done. But is there more to this black-clad butler than meets the eye? In Ciel's past lies a secret tragedy that enveloped him in perennial darkness—during one of his bleakest moments, he formed a contract with Sebastian, a demon, bargaining his soul in exchange for vengeance upon those who wronged him. Today, not only is Sebastian one hell of a butler, but he is also the perfect servant to carry out his master's orders—all the while anticipating the delicious meal he will eventually make of Ciel's soul. As the two work to unravel the mystery behind Ciel's chain of misfortunes, a bond forms between them that neither heaven nor hell can tear apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Following the line of the precedent OVAs (of the same name) This anime goes around the normal lives of some elementary school (5th grade, 2nd class room) kids and their adventures, while turning to teens. Their games, stupid jokes, and the misunderstandings around their premature attraction to the opposite sex. Ryota Satou is the main character here, but his friends are almost as important as him since the school wouldn't be the same without them, especially the girls who the majority of time appear to be mature by their ages but in the ends they are as childish and even more "dangerous" than the boys. (Source: ANN, edited) A spin-off of Mach Go Go Go (aka: Speed Racer). The titular Mach Girl is, according to Anime News Network, "a girl named Lip who wanders the land to compete in high-stakes races with her Mach Pink three-wheeler." A parody of the Macross Frontier series where the cast of characters are taken and set in present day Tokyo. Ranka starts her new job as a O.L. (Office Lady) at a game development company (Frontier Software) where and her friend Nanase is working. On the first day she has an eventful run in with the president of the company, Sheryl, and Sheryl's personal assistant Grace. Watch as Ranka learns the ways of a pro O.L. the hard way. Amagane Rinne had an accident and died while hurrying to school. She suddenly arrived in an awkward school... in Hell, filled with demons. While she is struggling and wishing to go back to the world whence she came from, she makes friends with her demon schoolmates and develops an uncommon bond. The story revolves around the Tama River area, based mostly in Kawasaki City Kanagawa where battles are fought between the evil organisation Florsheim and the ally of justice Sunred. The twist is that Sunred (referred to most characters familiar with him as Red-san) is a rough-talking, violent and rude hero while the villains of Florsheim (led by General Vamp) are for the most part polite, conscientious and easy-going. Despite this, both sides still stay true to their roles, with Florsheim dedicated to destroying Sunred and taking over the world while Sunred battles against them. Other evil organisations and heroes also appear from time to time. Each episode is divided into various shorts of varying length. Most of the humour comes from the interactions of the characters, especially the main trio of Sunred, his girlfriend Kayoko, and General Vamp. Kayoko and Vamp, for example, get along very well and she occasionally consults him about housework or cooking. In contrast, she and Sunred often argue like a long married couple. (Source: Wikipedia, edited) Lupin scores a "magic lamp" and finds it does hold a genie. However, the stroke of 7PM strikes, and that is the last thing he remembers. Finding himself in Singapore, Lupin must battle his way past the forces of Colonel Garlic and discover the secret behind the lamp. But every time the clock strikes 7PM, his memory is wiped clean! How can Lupin piece together this puzzle, when he can't even remember what he is doing?! (Source: Lupin III Encyclopedia) A spin-off series of Disney's Lilo & Stitch. In the new story, the alien creature Stitch is running off on the mad scientist Jumba's space scooter when he gets caught in a space storm and has to make an emergency landing at Izayoi Island, the southermost tip of Japan. There, he meets Yuuna, a spirited fourth-grade girl who happens to know karate. Yuuna tells Stitch about the Stone of Chitama, a mysterious object that can make any wish come true. However, he has to perform 43 good deeds to receive his wish. (Source: ANN) After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. An unreleased episode containing scenes that could not be aired due to "ethical regulations." ONA Special episode #11.5. This is a special introductory episode of Detroit Metal City. There is a magical academy that is located on a floating island in the sky. This OVA is about the students of one of the academy's classes, who's only chance not to fail the semester is to win a competition where they must show off their magic skills. Sequel to Noramimi. One day Nobita found a small sapling behind the hill but his mom won't allow him to plant it in the backyard. Using Doraemon's special tool, they made the tree alive so it could move around freely. Nobita name it Ki-bō and the two became like brothers. From there, a new adventure awaits... Based on an original concept by the original author Akira Toriyama, the story, set shortly after the defeat of Majin Buu, pits Son Gokuu and his friends against a new, powerful enemy. This special introduces four new characters: Abo and Kado red and blue aliens wearing battle fatigues similar to Frieza's army, one tiny yellow alien, and a young Saiyan child who vaguely resembles Vegeta named Tarble. Though very little about the plot has been revealed, Tarble has arrived on Earth, being pursued by Abo and Kado. (Source: Wikipedia) Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! 5 minute specials featuring previously unseen scenes from the main Code Geass R2 series, mostly comedic in nature. Based on a picture book about a onion-headed samurai named Asatarou. Fan discs containing shorts that weren't included in the TV series. 1. Aoi Koi-hen 2. Ibara Koiji-hen Music videos from both discs are not included in the entry, as they don't contain any new scenes. The same specials were included in the Blueray box set, but divided into 6 episodes of 2 minutes each. Comedy show based on Greek myths about how perverted the gods are. The Straw Hat Pirates, searching for the great passage "Grand Line", are in trouble when their food runs out! Luffy, searching for food on his own, finds a ship belonging to the pirate, Gary, and takes it over!! He lands at a nearby town... Luffy was attacked by a young girl, Silk, who mistook him for a member of the other pirate gang. As the two eat a meal, they tell their stories. Meanwhile, Gary and his band are burning with anger at Luffy, demanding payment from the town's defenseless citizens...!! (Source: jumpland.com/animetour/op/index_en.html) Now Utau has left Easter and restarted her singing career, while Ikuto still remains at Easter. To replace Utau Easter hires a new character, Lulu. Lulu has the power to create question mark eggs, instead of x-eggs. Throughout this season we start to see all the love interests more so then in the first season. Tadase and Amu seem to be a couple now, but they have their problem, especially when Amu starts hiding Ikuto in her room. She lies to Tadase, her family and all the Guardians about it, which in the end causes more problems then she expected. Easter also has a new plan to control Ikuto. Using his violin Easter controls Ikuto so that he transforms into Death Rebel. The sound of his violin turns all the heart eggs with in distance into x-eggs. With a large amount of x-eggs gathered, the embryo will soon turn up. (Source: ANN) Episode numbers continue as 52, 53, 54, etc. The movie begins with Fuyuki Hinata and the Keroro Platoon exploring an abandoned temple in the mountaintop city of Machu Picchu in Peru. While on the exploration, Keroro accidentally sets off a trap, and by chance they find a hidden chamber with a large blue crystal in the center, on a stand that has a key in it. Keroro leans on the key, causing the room to activate a mysterious machine, this caused the entire temple to shake. As soon as the group realized what was happening, they run out of the room. While running, Keroro accidentally loses his Kero Ball while Fuyuki catches a fleeting glimpse of a glowing young woman as he is running out, and tells Keroro that there was a girl in the room, but he is forced to leave the room before he can say anything else. The group successfully escapes, while the girl (now sprouting a pair of glowing wings) watches them leave - while back in the chamber, something is growing within the crystal... (Source: AniDB) Akiba-chan focuses on the daily life of Akiba-chan and four fellow TV and game fans in the Maison de Akiba apartments. Buildup Entertainment (Gundam: Mission To The Rise, Macross Plus) produced the computer animation with director Junya Kabe (Specter, D) and character designer Poyoyon Rock (Nurse Witch Komugi, Starship Girl Yamamoto Yohko). (Source: yukianimereviews.com) An unaired episode included in the Toshokan Sensou DVD volume 3, and later on Blue-ray Box (June 8, 2012) that celebrates the airing of Toshokan Sensou Movie. Komaki was arrested for the violation of human rights of his girl friend Marie, who had difficulty in hearing. He was kept in custody and tortured by the Media Improvement Forces. The members of the Task Forces made a desperate effort to rescue him. Uncensored Ikkitousen: Great Guardians DVD Comedy Specials. Magic File 2 was sold at select retailers (7-11 branded equivalents) in Japan, along with PPV episodes of the show (episodes released long before, such as the NY case). The first disc housed the Movie 12 Side-Story OVA, which features Kudou Shinichi and details a bit of the backstory from the upcoming movie. The second disc was the one with the PPV episodes. (Source: DCTP Forum) The adventures of Putin and Kirenenko continue after they escaped from jail. Short comedy sketches involving Tenko & Kou. Twelve years after the final OVA was shown, and the end of the manga, a new piece of Ranma ½ animation was made for the "It's a Rumic World" exhibition of Rumiko Takahashi's artwork. The new 30 minute special is based on the "Nightmare! Incense of Spring Sleep" manga story from volume 34, and was shown on odd numbered days at the "It's A Rumic World" exhibition in Tokyo from July 30th to August 11th. (Source: Wikipedia) It's time for fun at the beach! Check out all the girls from Arcade Gamer Fubuki in their swimsuits. DVD beach episode of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Also known as episode #6.5. Sequel to Onegai My Melody Sukkiri. 30 seconds sketches/omakes based around the events of the tv series with little twists. Short specials from the DVDs. New 12-episode OVA series featuring the Imagin stars of the popular 2007 Kamen Rider Den-O live action tv series. Rounding off season 3, Natsumi and Miyuki reminiscince about their lives at Bokuto station while hearing from people they've met through work. (This is limited to characters they've met in season 3.) We are also introduced to Bokuto Station's two new recruits; Kaori Takano and Sakura Fujieda. Starting off their duty, they are taken on a field trip by Miyuki and Natsumi and quickly find out what will be expected of them as police officers. This episode aired prior to the original series and introduces the main characters. Picture Drama episodes included in each DVD volumes of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Episode Titles: vol.1 「Maid's Afternoon: Whip of Love」(メイドの午後　愛のムチ編) vol.2 「Maid's Afternoon: Afternoon for Two」(メイドの午後　二人きりの昼下がり編) vol.3 「Maid's Afternoon: The Last Night」 (メイドの午後　最後の夜編) vol.4 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Prologue (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 序章) vol.5 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 1 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第1章) vol.6 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 2 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第2章) vol.7 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 The Last Chapter (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 最終章) The characters from Ranma 1/2, Urusei Yatsura, and Inuyasha all gather together in a short crossover to introduce the 50th Anniversary Weekly Shonen Sunday "Rumic World" Museum opening, celebrating Rumiko Takahashi's manga work. The story is from manga volume 23. Usavich (ウサビッチ) (from Japanese うさぎ "usagi", rabbit, with "vich" giving it faux Russian flavor) is a series of animated short films being produced for MTV Japan by Kanaban Graphics. It's about an odd couple of rabbits imprisoned in a Russian prison. While the first season (1-13 eps) shows the absurd everyday occurrences of the two rabbits' prison life, the second season (14-26 eps) tells the adventures of their escape and life on the run. (Source: AnimeDB) According to Aniplex, a 10min short anime of Gintama "Shiroyasha Koutan" will be released on September 30th. It was shown at Jump Super Anime Tour 2008 and had never been released as a DVD. It's a trailer of an imaginary Gintama movie. Gintama OVA shown at Jump Anime Tour '05 is also included in the DVD. 30 seconds sketches/omakes from the OVAs. In these short animated clips, little dog-faced talking beans appear in people's food and inform them about different facts. The plot revolves around Kaoru Torigara, only son of a ramen shop owner, who is going to renovate his inherited ramen shop. He discovers that his shop has a guardian angel named Pretty Menma. Pretty Menma tells Kaoru that his dead father's intention is making him succeed in the "Food King Wars", a battle of restaurants around the world that is held every 4 years. Kaoru and Menma must help each other to go through the struggles of the "Food King Wars". (Source: Wikipedia) A special summary episode of the second season of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, focusing on the girls that were not introduced in the first Zetsubou Shoujo Senshuu: Otonashi Meru, Fujiyoshi Harumi, Kaga Ai and Mitama Mayo. The second Eagle Talon movie. The sixteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Aidou has the idea to hold elections for Moon Dorm's President. The candidates are Kaname and the current president Ichijou. Who will win? While playing in the ocean near a tropical resort, Pikachu & Co. get in a scuffle with Team Rocket's Pokémon. This scuffle causes the Pokémon to wind up miles away in an Ice-covered Paradise. However, when they get there, they are seperated soon find that certain Pokémon in the area require their assistance. Will they be able to reunite with their friends and help these Pokémon out? (Source: Serebii) A special animation that came with the blu-ray box set of the Tales Of Symphonia animation. Kratos Sensei's private lesson is back! Except this time, since Kratos isn't around to teach, so the great Zelos takes his place! And he brings with him, a special announcement! A NHK shogi tournament parody. ''55 AJN Trophy TV Shoji Tournamant'' Mr.Yamada versus Mr.Roboco. The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Three thirty-something friends meet each other for the first time in ten years. But when one of them goes on a blind date with a gorgeous girl, things become quite complicated. (Source: Wikipedia) A short mini-theatre comedy featuring Prince of Tennis characters. DVD specials of Umi Monogatari. Kanon (and sometimes other characters) tours the viewer around Amamiko Island, while also commenting about characters and events from the series. Short picture episodes of Reo and Mai during their daily life as a couple. Shobu and friends fight the remaining Fua Duelists in order to defeat Zakira. Once again, they face off against the old members of Fua Duelists at the World Championship tournament. Shobu also found the terrible fate his friends faced because of these duelists in their past. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) A small special in which the show's stars, Drossel and Gedächtnis, explain a little bit about how the show is made, through interviews and behind the scenes shots. Planetes picture drama. This is episode 0, the prequel to the main Keroro Gunsou anime series. KeroZero was shown in theaters with Keroro Gunsou Movie 4. On the day of Keroro battalion's departure from Keron Planet to Planet Earth, an opposing alien species assails the Keron space station, where Giroro and Zeroro (later known as Dororo) are waiting for Keroro to arrive. Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN) This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes. The sequel to Cofun Gal no Coffy (TV). This is a college campus life comedy about 20-year-old college student Coffy, her boyfriend Nintoku-kun, her childhood friend Daniel, her love rival Dorothy, and Okehazama-sensei, who quit being a teacher and became the chief of the college mart. A small flower gives birth to an unknown creature with an unexpected urge to eat, but it will soon end where it started off. The first series from the GiftMovie Project, which was aired in between theater commercials at all 57 TOHO Cinemas theaters. It features a rabbit called Rope and his senpai squirrel Akira, and their long, disrupted way to the movie theater. A special included in the DVD of Koihime†Musou OVA and the BD-BOX of Koihime†Musou. Kirari Tsukishima, a gluttonous 14-year-old beauty, is a girl who does not care about idols and the entertainment world because her mind is occupied by food. Her obsession with food only causes her to be clueless about love. One day, after saving a turtle that is stranded in a tree, Kirari meets with a handsome and gentle boy named Seiji, who gives her ticket to a SHIPS (a popular idol group) concert to show his gratitude for her saving his pet. Kirari then storms off to the concert and runs into another boy, who tears up her ticket and warns her to stay away from Seiji because she and Seiji live in different worlds. The outraged Kirari then sneaks into the concert, only to discover that Seiji and the boy who tore her ticket, named Hiroto, are actually members of SHIPS. Finally understanding the meaning of "different worlds" (Seiji is a popular idol while she is an average middle school student), Kirari refuses to give up. Filled with determination to be with Seiji, she declares that she will also become an idol. (Source: Wikipedia) After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. There is no putting it lightly—Tsunayoshi Sawada is just no good. He is clumsy, talentless, and desperately in love with the school idol Kyouko Sasagawa, a girl so completely out of his league. Dubbed "Loser Tsuna" by his classmates, he seems to be the very personification of failure in the guise of a middle-schooler. Tsuna's boring life takes an extraordinary twist when he encounters the mysterious Reborn, who happens to be a hitman... and shockingly, a baby! Sent from the strongest Mafia family in Italy, Reborn is assigned the daunting mission of preparing the dull middle schooler to succeed the ninth boss of the notorious Vongola family, who is on the brink of retirement. The dull boy has a grueling road ahead, but with the help of his new criminal affiliates and his peculiar home tutor, perhaps even Loser Tsuna can achieve greatness. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Preview for Hanamaru Kindergarten with a few scenes not included (or different) in the anime. 21st Anpanman movie. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials included on the DVDs. Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Gang Tu-Ji is just a normal passionate and determined (pun intended) 13 year old boy trying to woo the prettiest girl in school. That is until 4 mysterious creatures crash through his roof one day. Tu-Ji ends up reluctantly helping them out by transforming into Tribe Captain via the Giga Stone's power they brought. And the creatures themselves are able to morph into fully humanoid super sentai-like warriors! Together they fight against friends and strangers who have been possessed by the evil Bavaria in a catch-phrase sitcom manner. One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN) Short 3D Nyanko-sensei animations bundled on BD/DVD's of the Zoku Natsume Yuujinchou series. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The classic tale of Gegege no Kitaro told yet again.  The story is the usual in the Gegege no Kitaro series. Kitaro is a boy living in the Gegege Forest/Cemetery (lands where many Yokai roam) with his mostly dead father (who survives only in his eye), Sunakake Babaa, NekoMusume, and Konaki Jiji.  One difference between this Kitaro and all of the others that came before him, is that this one has brown hair instead of the standard grayish silver.  The Peeping Life comedy anime series spawned five shorts for Japanese theaters. Each of the five shorts was running on the lobby monitors in T-Joy's theater chain for two weeks before being replaced by the next short. In Tokyo's Shinjuku Wald 9 cinema complex the shorts were run on the complex's actual theater screens. They were then included in the Peeping Life: The Perfect Emotion's DVD release. In a Shinto shrine, life goes on a leisurely pace for three bells who are brothers. Kyoukai no Rinne commercial aired during Inuyasha Kanketsu-hen. Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Recap OVA of the Toradora series included as a bonus with limited edition of Choudokyuu Premium Box release of PSP game Toradora! Portable. The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults. (Source: AniDB) A wolf makes a fool of himself trying to eat sheep that are playing baseball. Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life. (Source: AniDB)  Recap of Hidamari Sketch x 365 series included on the limited edition DVD "Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x ☆☆☆". Picture drama episode included with Prince of Tennis official DVD fandisc. Atobe, sneakily, throws a message in a bottle in the river, which winds up next to the Rikkai and the Seigaku regulars. (Source: Prince of Tennnis Wiki)  Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB) Special 3-D animated short based on Kirby: Right Back at Ya! . It was released on the Wii channel in Japan. It features the never-before-seen monster named Lobzilla. Fire Kirby makes a special appearance, as does a new Kirby ability exclusive to the short called Kabuki. Seeing that Nightmare Enterprises is active and Dedede's transporter is operative, this episode may have taken place before episodes 96-100. (Source: Kirby Wikia)  A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants. Remake of the Yatterman series. Shorts about root vegetables from the refrigerator who try to act like superheroes. Twenty-five years after Éclair and Lumière, (from the flagship Kiddy Grade series), rescued the galaxy from destruction's doorstep, the GTO (Galactic Trade Organization), created after the defeat of the GOTT (Galactic Organization of Trade and Tariffs), act on behalf of universal peace by combating criminal activity. Their special ES division mirrored after the GOTT's ES (Encounter of Shadow-work) force, now includes publicly acknowledged ES member candidates. The series follows two such trainees, Ascoeur and Q-feuille, as they work their way to ES membership. (Source: Wikipedia) Nichirei Foods' mascot Acerola-chan gets her own web anime. A DVD release of Mameshiba which contained 4 new episodes featuring stop-motion animation, two of which show Green Pea being humiliated and is what the full title of the DVD is named after. The other two episodes show Red Bean catching a cold and Cashew rolling around before being stepped on. A customer and cafe owner get into a fight. Death City is home to the famous Shibusen, a technical academy headed by the Shinigami–Lord Death himself. Its mission: to raise "Death Scythes" for the Shinigami to wield against the many evils of their fantastical world. These Death Scythes, however, are not made from physical weapons; rather, they are born from human hybrids who have the ability to transform their bodies into Demon Weapons, and only after they have consumed the souls of 99 evil beings and one witch's soul. Soul Eater Evans, a Demon Scythe who only seems to care about what's cool, aims to become a Death Scythe with the help of his straight-laced wielder, or meister, Maka Albarn. The contrasting duo work and study alongside the hot headed Black☆Star and his caring weapon Tsubaki, as well as the Shinigami's own son, Death the Kid, an obsessive-compulsive dual wielder of twin pistols Patty and Liz. Soul Eater follows these students of Shibusen as they take on missions to collect souls and protect the city from the world's threats while working together under the snickering sun to become sounder in mind, body, and soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A three part OVA of Utawarerumono. The animation work will be done by the same staff that did the opening of the game the show was based on. The story will cover parts that weren't shown in the anime series. (Source: Moon Phase) The infamous series of unexplainable murders in Hinamizawa have been solved and the chains of fate have broken due to the efforts of Rika Furude and her friends. Rika believes she has finally obtained the normal and peaceful life she desired with her friends; however, she is proven wrong when the wheels of fate begin turning once again after an unfortunate accident. Rika suddenly finds herself in a "perfect" world, the constant cycle of brutal killings having never taken place, where all of her friends are content and satisfied. Not wanting to abandon the world that she fought so hard for, she learns she must destroy an essential "key" to get back. But can Rika abandon the faultless world she is given the chance to live in, after all of her battles have brought her this far? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The daily life of the Motsumoto family. The three sisters, Fuu, Suu, and Chii, follow what happens on a daily basis. Mother and Father have to deal with them sometimes, but they're used to it. They're cute, adorable and three of the most powerful Espers the world has ever seen: Kaoru, the brash psychokinetic who can move objects with her mind; Shiho, the sarcastic and dark natured psychometric able to pick thoughts from people's minds and read the pasts of inanimate objects like a book; and Aoi, the most collected and rational of the three, who has the ability to teleport herself and the others at will. So what to do with these potential psychic monsters in the making? Enter B.A.B.E.L., the Base of Backing ESP Laboratory, where hopefully "The Children" and others like them can become part of the answer to an increasing wave of psychic evolution. It's a win-win solution... Unless you're Koichi Minamoto, the overworked young man stuck with the unenviable task of field commanding a team of three pre-teen girls! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) About a young boy named Akigawa Yuta who gets sucked into a virtual world through his cell phone. He meets three strange creatures that travel with him on Yuta's adventure in this strange new world. At the end of season 2. Yuuri defeats Shinou, but since Shinou had been defeated, Yuuri and Murata could no longer go to the Shin Makoku. However, because Yuuri had fought and defeated him, his powers had surpassed that of Shinou's, resulting in him being able to rely on his own power to return to Shin Makoku. After the ceremony at the age of 16, Yuuri slowly begins to discover that much has happened while he was away. The ten officials of the noble family have decided to make Wolfram the next Maou, but now that Yuuri has returned and taken back his role as Maou, complications arise when one noble disagrees with Yuuri returning to the throne. In addition, an ancient secret society that threatens the peace of both humans and Mazoku has risen, and a fight for the throne that now leaves the nobles wondering who is the legitimate Maou. 20 years after his escape from Impel Down, the legendary pirate Shiki "the Golden Lion" reappears causing massive upheaval to the Marines. During his long seclusion, he was able to come up with a scheme to bring the World Government to its knees. On his way to execute the plan, Shiki crosses paths with the Straw Hat Pirates and becomes so impressed with Nami's knowledge of meteorology that he abducts her to forcedly enlist her into his crew. Luffy and the gang end up on a strange land populated with monstrous beasts as they desperately search for Shiki and Nami. (Source: ANN) Hayate Ayasaki's misfortune continues to hand him the short end of the stick. Now settled into his routine at the Sanzenins' mansion and Hakuou Academy, the butler continues to work as hard as ever in caring for his young mistress Nagi while studying the school's grueling curriculum—all on top of trying his best to survive the multitude of troubles that life relentlessly pushes onto him. The unintentional chick magnet's life is far from quiet, forced to deal not only with Nagi's yet unnoticed infatuation with him, but also the evergrowing string of accidentally seduced girls—most notably, the exceptionally plain Ayumu Nishizawa, a friend of his before he became a butler, and the diligent Hinagiku Katsura, Hakuou's student council president. While one struggles to gain his affection and the other desperately tries to deny her own, both the girls are going to make the boy's life a little more complicated than it already is. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second season of Kodomo no Jikan. After the events of the Blue Dragon series, Shu and Bouquet join a resistance group to fight General Rogi's army of invasion.They encounter a mysterious child , Noi, who has the power to revive Shu's shadow counter-part Blue Dragon, and save her from the pursuit of a red dragon. Now Shu and his company have to set foot once again on a journey to discover the purpose of the dragons, undergo their tests and stop the chains of events which threatens the fate of humanity. (Source: ANN) Ryuuji Takasu is a gentle high school student with a love for housework; but in contrast to his kind nature, he has an intimidating face that often gets him labeled as a delinquent. On the other hand is Taiga Aisaka, a small, doll-like student, who is anything but a cute and fragile girl. Equipped with a wooden katana and feisty personality, Taiga is known throughout the school as the "Palmtop Tiger." One day, an embarrassing mistake causes the two students to cross paths. Ryuuji discovers that Taiga actually has a sweet side: she has a crush on the popular vice president, Yuusaku Kitamura, who happens to be his best friend. But things only get crazier when Ryuuji reveals that he has a crush on Minori Kushieda—Taiga's best friend! Toradora! is a romantic comedy that follows this odd duo as they embark on a quest to help each other with their respective crushes, forming an unlikely alliance in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] About the daily lives of a boy and his talking penguin. The new episodes of the "2nd season" of Haruhi Suzumiya aired in chronological order along with the re-airing of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2006 in what is called according to Kyoto Animation: The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2009 . This season contains arcs that occurred chronologically in the first season and more. For complete episode information, see the More Info tab. In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN) The anime will follow the adventures of Baron, a man living on continent of Arad in the year 981 after "the cursed light of Kazan" has fallen across the land. Thanks to the curse, one of his arms has become possessed. After finding a sword that has been possessed by the spirit Roxy, he embarks on a quest to unravel the secret of the curse and meets various people who also join his party. (Source: ANN) Bright, diligent, and yet naïve 16-year-old Kyouko Mogami works hard to support the career and dreams of her childhood friend, crush, and rising pop icon, Shoutarou Fuwa. Toiling endlessly at burger joints and tea ceremonies, the innocent Kyouko remains unaware that day in day out, all her tireless efforts have been taken for granted, until, one day, she finds out that her beloved Shou sees her as nothing but a free servant. Shocked, heartbroken and enraged, she vows to take revenge on the rookie star by entering the ruthless world of entertainment herself. As she steps into this new life, Kyouko will face new challenges as well as people who will push her out of her comfort zone. Based on the best-selling shoujo manga by Yoshiki Nakamura, Skip Beat showcases the growth of a young woman who slowly unlearns how to work herself to the bone for the satisfaction of others and takes her future into her own hands instead. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ichigo Mashimaro encore is a two-episode OVA continues onwards from the previous set of OVAs of Ichigo Mashimaro. Young Ciel Phantomhive is known as "the Queen's Guard Dog," taking care of the many unsettling events that occur in Victorian England for Her Majesty. Aided by Sebastian Michaelis, his loyal butler with seemingly inhuman abilities, Ciel uses whatever means necessary to get the job done. But is there more to this black-clad butler than meets the eye? In Ciel's past lies a secret tragedy that enveloped him in perennial darkness—during one of his bleakest moments, he formed a contract with Sebastian, a demon, bargaining his soul in exchange for vengeance upon those who wronged him. Today, not only is Sebastian one hell of a butler, but he is also the perfect servant to carry out his master's orders—all the while anticipating the delicious meal he will eventually make of Ciel's soul. As the two work to unravel the mystery behind Ciel's chain of misfortunes, a bond forms between them that neither heaven nor hell can tear apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A spin-off of Mach Go Go Go (aka: Speed Racer). The titular Mach Girl is, according to Anime News Network, "a girl named Lip who wanders the land to compete in high-stakes races with her Mach Pink three-wheeler." Tsubasa/xxxHOLiC project. A 4-part OVA consisting of two OVAs for each series, with plots linked together. Direct sequel to the events on xxxHOLiC - Kei, with special guests. Yoichi Karasuma has spent all of his life in the mountains, training in the Soaring Wind, Divine Wind swordsmanship style. Under his father’s guidance, he is able to master the technique at the age of 17. With nothing left to learn, Yoichi is sent to a new dojo located in the city so he can continue to train and gain an understanding of modern society. Unfortunately, Yoichi has no idea how to act or speak to anyone in the present day and acts like a samurai, complete with odd speech and traditional clothing. As he goes to live with the Ikaruga sisters at the dojo, Yoichi, clueless on how to interact with others, is constantly hurtled in hilarious misunderstandings. Asu no Yoichi! follows Yoichi as he stumbles through his new life and tries to learn how to live in the modern world with his new family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A spin-off series of Disney's Lilo & Stitch. In the new story, the alien creature Stitch is running off on the mad scientist Jumba's space scooter when he gets caught in a space storm and has to make an emergency landing at Izayoi Island, the southermost tip of Japan. There, he meets Yuuna, a spirited fourth-grade girl who happens to know karate. Yuuna tells Stitch about the Stone of Chitama, a mysterious object that can make any wish come true. However, he has to perform 43 good deeds to receive his wish. (Source: ANN) After the baseball season was over, Gorou returned to Japan. There he learned from Toshi that there is going to be a Baseball World Cup the following year hosted in America. (Source: AniDB) In search of true love, Kanako Miyamae transfers to Ame no Kisaki Catholic school, inspired by how her parents fell in love with each other there. There is just one difference, though: because men make Kanako break into hives, she has actually come to the all-girls school to find a partner of the same sex. When she meets the beautiful Mariya Shidou, Kanako believes she has found that special someone; however, there's more to Mariya than meets the eye—it turns out that Kanako's first love is actually a cross-dressing boy. Mariya threatens to expose Kanako's impure intentions unless she keeps his real gender a secret, and to make things worse, he also replaces her original roommate so that he can now keep a close eye on her. Maria†Holic follows Kanako as she looks for love in all the wrong places and searches for the girl of her dreams—that is, if she can survive being Mariya's roommate! [Written by MAL Rewrite] After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. What if nations were people? What traits would they have? What would this mean for historical events? Hetalia Axis Powers takes these questions and runs with them, personifying countries into characters. The show takes a comedic and light approach to politics and historical events while educating the viewer. Taking place primarily during the events of World War I and World War II, the story focuses on the Axis Powers and occasionally throws the spotlight onto the tumultuous relationship between the Allied Forces. The Axis Powers feature the titular character North Italy, who is clumsy, carefree and loves pasta; Germany, who is very serious but easily flustered; and Japan, who is stoic but has bizarre interests. Based on Hidekaz Himaruya's widely popular webcomic turned print manga, Hetalia Axis Powers is a historical comedy that pokes lightly at culture, examines the relationships between nations and breathes fun into history. [Written By MAL Rewrite] Birdy and Tsutomu are still co-existing in the same body, as Birdy continues her duties as Federation Investigator and celebrity persona, and Tsutomu seeks to balance them with his normal everyday life. When a criminal group connected to the Ryunka incident escape from custody, hiding themselves and their alien identities on Earth, Birdy and Tsutomu are thrown back into action. It seems, however, that there are other forces involved, as well as old faces, which give Birdy time to reflect on the past, and the people that influenced her. (Source: ANN) Hobbies are often a great way of meeting new people, but how could Kakeru Diachi, who collects rare juice cans, have ever suspected that he'd meet a fascinating new girl when he attempted to DRINK her? Naming her Melon, because she's got great melon... soda, Kakeru quickly learns that she's an Akikan—a beautiful girl who's also a special can created to fight other Akikans in a strange experiment to determine what kind of container is better: steel or aluminum! Will becoming involved in this ridiculously twisted research project gone amuck complicate Kakeru's life incredibly? Of course it will, but because Melon's steel body needs carbon dioxide to breathe, he's now stuck with her since she's too CO2 dependent! And when his wealthy, attractive, best childhood friend Najimi gets HER own aluminum Akikan, the trouble really begins! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) A parody series featuring the entire cast of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya in a smaller form factor.  Among the changes are: Yuki plays eroge, Haruhi is even more obnoxiuous and loud, Mikuru is even more emotional and Koizumi harbors a deep love for Kyon.  Kyon, on the other hand, is generally the same as ever. In 1925 (year 14 of the Taisho era) baseball is still quite unknown in Japan and there are only a few male teams. After being told by a baseball player that women should become housewives instead of going to school, 14-year-old Akiko invites her friend Koume to start a baseball team in order to prove him wrong. During this time, when even running was considered too vulgar for women, baseball is known as "what the boys do" and they face many difficulties when having to find enough members, to get permission from their parents and also when learning about the sport itself, which they soon discover to be more difficult than expected. A series relating the intertwined stories about the "first loves" of several middle-schoolers and high-schoolers. Each episode tends to focus on a different character, however the developments established during previous episodes continue to play smaller roles in those following. As the series progresses, an array of unusual and unexpected love webs begin to blossom. Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! A year has passed since Okawari and the three sisters have grown up. Their likings and moods are almost the same. Haruka, the older sister, is a love-giving mother to the younger sisters and a discipline follower. Kana, the middle one, leaves everything to the last possible moment and always gives trouble to the trio. Chiaki, the little one, is the calculating and manipulating one; she likes to be admired and loved by Haruka and always gives trouble to the less blessed Kana. Despite being an unbalanced family, they love each other with all their heart. The family's daily life is as funny as ever; trouble and love are always present. Now it's time to see if they'll survive this age change since Haruka is now a young adult; she has even more responsibilities, having to watch over the young while integrating into the adult life. (Source: ANN) Based on a picture book about a onion-headed samurai named Asatarou. To find a way in rescuing Pokota's country Taforashia which was sealed by Rezo, Lina and her group are in search for the Hellmaster's jar in what the Red Priest placed his soul after death. Zelgadis is willing to do anything to get the jar for changing back into a human while Zuuma is plotting on revenge and accomplishing assignment in killing Lina Inverse. Still a big mystery for her and the others is what Xellos is aiming for in this battle. (Source: ANN) The story follows a hapless budding guitarist nicknamed "Piyohiko" who gets steered into the music business by a mysterious man named Jaguar — if Piyohiko would play a recorder instead of a guitar. (Source: ANN) Japanese Featherweight Champion Ippo Makunouchi has successfully defended and retained his title. Meanwhile, his rival, Ichirou Miyata, has resurfaced in Japan, aiming for his own Featherweight belt in the Oriental Pacific Boxing Federation. When the rest of the world comes knocking, however, will Japan's best fighters rise to the challenge and achieve glory at the top? Or will the small island nation be crushed under the weight of greater entities? This time, champions will become challengers issuing a call to the rest of the world and ready to show off their fighting spirit! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Now Utau has left Easter and restarted her singing career, while Ikuto still remains at Easter. To replace Utau Easter hires a new character, Lulu. Lulu has the power to create question mark eggs, instead of x-eggs. Throughout this season we start to see all the love interests more so then in the first season. Tadase and Amu seem to be a couple now, but they have their problem, especially when Amu starts hiding Ikuto in her room. She lies to Tadase, her family and all the Guardians about it, which in the end causes more problems then she expected. Easter also has a new plan to control Ikuto. Using his violin Easter controls Ikuto so that he transforms into Death Rebel. The sound of his violin turns all the heart eggs with in distance into x-eggs. With a large amount of x-eggs gathered, the embryo will soon turn up. (Source: ANN) Episode numbers continue as 52, 53, 54, etc. "Kusano's first errand" - A ten minute OVA that came along with the 6th vol. limited edition of Sekirei. Kusano finally tires of nobody admitting her as Sahashi's potential wife, so she insists on joining Musubi and Tsukiumi on their shopping race to show her abilities. An iffy day ensues. OVA of Koihime Musou in a school environment, where factions of 4 individuals fight off in school athletic events to obtain the positions of Student Council seats. The story is set in the year 311 of the Orbital Calendar, when humanity has migrated to countless colony clusters in space. A space colony girl named Akiha Shishidou encounters a malevolent artificial intelligence named Leopard that has been installed on a colony. Akiha is joined by an Inter-Colony Police officer named Itsuki Kannagi, a taciturn young girl named Honoka Kawai, and a robot named Imoko "Imo-chan" Shishidou. (Source: AniDB) The adventures of Putin and Kirenenko continue after they escaped from jail. Paniponi Dash! special included in the DVD-Box. Life hasn't been fair to Koyomi Morishita. Even though she's in high school, she's so short that everyone assumes she's still in grade school. The boys and girls in her school tease her mercilessly, and she's not exactly graceful either. On the other hand, she's still better off than Yumiko, who has a magician trying to kill her. Or at least Koyomi was until their paths crossed! Fortunately, salvation arrives in the form of master mage and graduate student Misa Anehara, who agrees to take Koyomi under her wing in learning the new style of magic, which breaks enchantment down into sequences of code. That'll be quite a task, given that so far Koyomi's talent seems to consist of making washbasins randomly fall out of the sky. But if it was easy, it wouldn't be magic, would it? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) To encourage Nagi to swim and enjoy summer, Maria invites various friends to their Sanzenin family's private beach. While everyone is having fun, Nagi hesitates to wear swimsuits and come out because of her small breasts, and refuses to join... Thirteen-year-old Yasaka is a boy staying at his grandfather's house during his summer vacation. One day he entered a store and met Arashi, a beautiful sixteen-year-old girl working there. After trying to protect her from a man who claims to have been hired by her family to take her back by force, Yasaka ran away with her and now she stays at his grandpa's place with him. It didn't take much time for Yasaka to figure out that his new friend is far from an ordinary girl, as she possesses mysterious powers. The plot thickens when he finds a sixty-year-old picture of Arashi and another girl named Kaja, and to the surprise of all Kaja suddenly appears, and just like Arashi, her appearance hasn't changed at all since then. (Source: Wikipedia) On November 22, 2010, Japan was hit by missile strikes, a terrorist act that fortunately did not harm anyone, becoming known as "Careless Monday." Quickly forgotten, society goes on about their lives as normal. During her graduation trip to America three months later, friendly college student Saki Morimi's life is forever changed when she finds herself saved from unexpected trouble by Akira Takizawa. Takizawa is cheerful, but odd in many ways—he is stark naked and suffers from amnesia, believing himself to be a terrorist. In addition, he possesses a strange cell phone loaded with 8.2 billion yen in digital cash. Despite Takizawa's suspicious traits, Saki quickly befriends the enigmatic young man. However, unbeknownst to her, this is the beginning of a thrilling death game involving money, cell phones, and the salvation of the world. Higashi no Eden chronicles Saki's struggle to unravel the mysteries behind her savior, while Takizawa himself battles other individuals armed with similar cell phones and returning memories which reveal his possible connection to the event from months ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Episode 01: Rito becomes a Woman Lala invents a gizmo to make her bust bigger. However, this invention of hers accidentally turns Rito into a woman. Episode 02: Rito and Mikan Feeling lonely because Rito is always spending time with Lala, Mikan storms out of the house. While Rito and Lala are out looking for her a few flashbacks from the past, showing Rito and Mikan as kids, are shown. Episode 03: Welcome to the Southern Resort!! Haruna wins an island resort trip for ten females. Rito gets turned into a dog by one of Lala's inventions and somehow ends up on the island as well. Episode 04: Trouble Quest Rito and the girls become trapped inside an RPG game where the objective is to save Lala and defeat the evil witch Kyouko. Episode 05: Nana and Momo Lala's sisters cause mischief for Rito and his harem at a cherry blossom viewing. Episode 06: Draft, Metamorphose, Hand & Tail Yami and Yui confront with a senior, causing Yui to lose her panties. Mikan finds Peke taking snapshots of new clothing while shopping. Suddenly, a stranger steals her bag. As Rito tries to explore Lala's cleaned-up bedroom, he accidentally activates one of Lala's invention, fusing his hand to Lala's tail. The Ayanoi High School features the Geijutsuka Art Design Class (GA) that focuses on the arts. Five close friends — the energetic "hime"-prankster Noda Miki; the level-headed, cynical Nozaki Namiko; the intelligent, observant, and kind Oomichi Miyabi; the lively and mischievous tomboy Tomokane; and the curious, innocent, glasses-wearing Yamaguchi Kisaragi — attend this class with great enthusiasm, learning about the many art techniques. Every day seems to pose a new and interesting challenge, be it struggling with the latest assignment or when dealing with the daily strangeness of school life. (Source: AniDB) Sweet and naïve Hanato Kobato came to Earth on a mission to collect and fill a bottle with "konpeito," which appear after healing a person's heart that is suffering. Kobato collects these because it is her wish to go to a certain place. Despite her strangeness, Kobato turns out to be well-suited for this mission as her heartfelt sincerity in helping others earns her the love and admiration of everyone she meets. However, she is not allowed to fall in love with anyone whose heart she heals. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Hirasawa Yui, a young, carefree girl entering high school, has her imagination instantly captured when she sees a poster advertising the "Light Music Club." Being the carefree girl that she is, she quickly signs up; however, Yui has a problem, she is unable to play an instrument. When Yui goes to the clubroom to explain, she's greeted by the other members: Ritsu, Mio, and Tsumugi. Although disheartened at Yui's lack of musical know-how, they still try to convince her to stay to prevent the club's disbandment. After playing Yui a short piece which re-ignites her imagination, they succeed in keeping their new member and guitarist. Along with the tasks of school and homework, Yui begins to learn the guitar with the help of the other band members, experiencing many mishaps along the way. However, with the school festival drawing near and Yui getting stuck with her practice, will the Light Music Club be ready in time for their debut? [Written by MAL Rewrite] OZ, a virtual world connected to the internet, has become extremely popular worldwide as a spot for people to engage in a large variety of activities, such as playing sports or shopping, through avatars created and customized by the user. OZ also possesses a near impenetrable security due to its strong encryption, ensuring that any personal data transmitted through the networks will be kept safe in order to protect those who use it. Because of its convenient applications, the majority of society has become highly dependent on the simulated reality, even going as far as entrusting the system with bringing back the unmanned asteroid explorer, Arawashi. Kenji Koiso is a 17-year-old math genius and part-time OZ moderator who is invited by his crush Natsuki Shinohara on a summer trip. But unbeknownst to him, this adventure requires him to act as her fiancé. Shortly after arriving at Natsuki's family's estate, which is preparing for her great-grandmother's 90th birthday, he receives a strange, coded message on his cell phone from an unknown sender who challenges him to solve it. Kenji is able to crack the code, but little does he know that his math expertise has just put Earth in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Love Momozono is a 14-year-old student at Yotsuba Junior Highschool that tends to care more for others than for herself. One day she visits a show of the famous dance unit "Trinity" and decides to become a dancer, too. On the same event, subordinates of the Labyrinth Kingdom show up who want to collect the unhappiness of the audience. Love gets the power to change into Cure Peach and fights them. Soon after, she is joined by her good friends Miki, who is Cure Berry, and Inori, who becomes Cure Pine. (Source: ANN) Mysterious giant beings called "Ryū no Shippo" (Dragon Tails) appeared across the world. Due to the danger it could bring, the Keroro Platoon did a worldwide research on the Dragon Tails, but Tamama suddenly disappeared during the research. Because of this, the whole platoon started their search for Tamama and ended up in Mont-Saint-Michel, France where they met mysterious girl named Sion, who holds the mysterious Ryū no Hon (Dragon Book). But little they know about the secrets about her and the worldwide calamity that would destroy the entire world, as they know it... (Source: ANN) Valentine's Day is approaching; Hosaka is still trying to express his love to Haruka by cooking, cross-dressing Mako-chan fears to be found out, Kana-"sensei" teaches the other girls how to "win" Valentine's Day, and Fujioka is desperately trying to receive Kana's chocolate. A new Prince of Tennis OVA, called Prince of Tennis OVA Another Story ~Kako to Mirai no Message~, was announced at Shueisha's Jump Festa 09 this past weekend. The official website of the show has confirmed it yesterday. According to the latest issue of Weekly Shonen Jump magazine, Another Story will take place in Osaka after the finals. The preview of the new OVA will be available on the third volume of Prince of Tennis: The National Tournament Finals. Centers on Kazuma and 15 beautiful girls who are stranded on a deserted Pacific island by a tumultuous storm. Everybody goes on vacation to Ayanokouji's private island for fun in the sun. Hilarity ensues. Even as he tries to keep the student council president out of trouble, Vice President Chiga-kun finds himself being drawn to the president's strength and power. Chiga-kun wonders how he, being such an intelligent individual, can be so unwillingly taken with a boy who is so country and simple... (Source: Aarinfantasy) Mysteriously teleported from Earth, Kenshi Masaki finds himself ensnared by a mysterious organization in a world called Geminar, where male mecha pilots are extremely rare. With the promise of returning home, the 15 year-old agrees to pilot a mecha suit called a Sacred Mechanoid and assassinate the ruler of the Shtrayu Empire, Lashara Earth XVIII. However, things do not go according to plan, and Kenshi finds himself prisoner and an object of scrutiny by Lashara and her shipmates. After learning of Kenshi’s plight, Lashara offers him the chance to redeem himself by entering her employ. He will act as her servant, practically a slave, but also have a chance to once more pilot a mecha suit. Kenshi is willing to endure Geminar’s eccentricities if it means he may return home, but will he ever be able to do so? And what of this mysterious organization that brought him to Geminar to try to kill Lashara? The Geisha Tokyo Entertainment company has announced on Wednesday it is producing and airing Sakuran Boy DT, "Japan's first" Flash-animated television series about a local costumed hero character. The name of the character is a wordplay on the Japanese translation for "cherry boy" — the Japanese slang for a male virgin — and the Sakuranbo television station in the northeastern Japanese city of Yamagata. The story revolves around Satou-kun, an ordinary high school boy who transforms into Sakuran Boy DT to rescue the mayor's daughter from the nefarious secret society Zaou. Sakuranbo has posted a trailer online, and the 11 five-minute weekly episodes will premiere on this station on January 14. It's about an ordinary office worker Fumiyama Fumio, who gains self-confidence by the advices of an Indian god, Ganesha. A recap special (episode 39.5) of Zettai Karen Children. Narrated by "The Double Face" (Nowaki Hotaru and Tokiwa Natsuko), the episode introduces all the characters in B.A.B.E.L. with their abilities and roles etc. It also shows various facilities and places in B.A.B.E.L that have appeared in the story. Computer-animated gag shorts about two female agents. The student council of Hekiyou Gakuen is chosen by popular vote, so of course all the members are cute girls. All except Ken Sugisaki, that is. Ken managed to get a spot by being the top scoring student in his year, which granted him an automatic seat. It wasn’t an easy feat, as Ken is not exactly book-smart, but he studied hard and improved his score just to become a part of the exclusive student council. However, for such a highly regarded council, the members don’t really do much. Ken spends most of his time trying to turn the girls into his harem, while the girls ignore him in favor of more important things, like running festivals, attempting to boost their popularity, and slowly driving Ken mad in the best way possible. Get ready for fourth wall breaking, loads of references and parodies, and even a couple of cameos in Seitokai no Ichizon ! Nakamachi Kana is a junior high school girl, but when her grandmother passes away she is left all alone. Stuck for somewhere to live, she finds a newspaper carrier station and starts working for her room and board, alongside other female workers that make every day as fun as the last. Sequel to Onegai My Melody Sukkiri. The main character is Kou Kitamura, son of the owner of Kitamura Sports. In the same neighborhood is a batting center run by the Tsukishima family. Due to their proximity and the relationship between their businesses, the Kitamura and Tsukishima familes have been close for many years, with their children going back and forth between the two homes like extended family. Because Kou and Wakaba were the same age and always together, Aoba was jealous of all the time Kou spent with her older sister. Aoba is a natural pitcher with excellent form, and Kou secretly trains to become as good as she was, even while publicly showing little interest in baseball. Viral tries to get some sleep, but keeps on having terrifying nightmares.  Can't anyone save him from his plight? A series of shorts featuring Index-tan. An anime adaptation of the 4-panel strip manga release: Nyoron Churuya-san. Based on Suzumiya Haruhi's energetic and 'always up to go' character, Tsuruya. Churuya is a girl with a strong passion for smoked cheese. But Kyon and the rest of the crew know this, and they make use of the weakness. They make her do all kinds of things with smoked cheese as a possible reward. But Churuya isn't aware of this evil plot, thus she maintains the effort for the sake of cheese. Each day is a struggle to get the beloved smoked cheese, but it's much harder than she could ever imagine! Ever since he was a child, Tomoki Sakurai has always woke up with tears after a dream of an angel. His childhood friend Sohara Mitsuki worries about this and decides to seek the help of Eishirou Sugata, an eccentric sky maniac. He concludes that Tomoki's dream is undoubtedly connected to what is known as the New World, a floating anomaly that scientists have failed to understand. Recruiting the New World Discovery Club's first members, Eishirou schedules a time to meet up in order to observe the mystery in the sky. That day, Tomoki's peaceful life is changed forever when a strange girl falls from the sky and begins to call him master. Sora no Otoshimono follows the daily activities of the New World Discovery Club as they begin to learn more about the Angeloids that have arrived on Earth. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A new cast of characters take on the continued battle between good and evil. Ginga, our hero, and his group of loyal friends take on a dangerous group called the Dark Nebula. The Dark Nebula’s sole mission is to take over the world and unleash their evil upon it; but before they can do so, they must destroy Ginga as he is the only person that’s strong enough to stand in their way. The plot thickens as friends become enemies and enemies become allies. Everything starts and ends with Ginga as he struggles to find the strength to defend his world and the honor of Beyblade. (Source: Beyblade.com) Meet Plug, an unusual girl from a parallel world. Plug is a "Juuden-chan," capable of "recharging" people down on their luck, spreading good cheer wherever she goes! Unaired episode included in DVD Vol.7. In this episode they attempt to make a movie with some money they found lying on the ground. Higepiyo is a little chick with a mustache, who is seeking to aquire masculinity with his friend Hiroshi but ends up being entangled with a skin of heated milk. Haruka's manga and anime hobby is still concealed by her dear friend Yuuto, but Yuuto's other female friend starts to feel affection and attraction towards him, so a feelings war begins among their circle of friends. Meanwhile Yuuto tries to make Haruka happy doing what she likes the most: drawing manga, watching anime, and attending special anime events. (Source: ANN) The Yamadas and Chi move to a new apartment house, where keeping a pet is allowed. At the onset of World War III, nobody could have predicted the effect it would have on Japan. While it had officially ended fifty years ago in 2150, its battles still persist. Large, mysterious areas known as "Blackspots" appeared across the country, filled with the contaminated ruins of cities and countrysides. Those inside were trapped to halt the spread of contamination, and their powers began to mutate—be they shapeshifters, pyromancers, or controllers of gravity itself—they all became known as the Needless. Adam Blade is one such Needless, possessing remarkable regenerative abilities and incredible strength. In order to restore peace to a war-torn Japan, he and his allies must fight together to rise against a heinous research group by the name of Simeon. Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai , a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced. Five Enlightened cards scatters all around Japan after a secret ritual gets interrupted. Shobu Kirifuda got one of these cards from his father. Shori Kirifuda and 5 other duelist hunters are after him. Shobu must battle descendants of the Chosen Ones (Yaesar), named Luna & Mikado Kozuki, who can control God power. Penguin no Mondai Movie. Saku Ooyagi returns to his hometown after seven years and is soon reacquainted with his childhood friend, Mihoshi Akeno. The reunion is far from merry since the last memory they have of each other is of her falling off a tree and him saving her. In any case, Mihoshi is determined to improve their relationship and forces Saku to join the astronomy club she founded. Kanuu and Chouhi's group rescue a mysterious girl, who is actually the real Ryuubi, her name and heirloom sword stolen after the events of the last season. The group sets off to recover Ryuubi's sword. At the same time, a group of street performers, the three Chou Sisters, are given a mysterious magic book that may be more trouble than they think....The franchise re-imagines the classic Chinese historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms (Sangokushi) as a "moe (fiery), moe (preciously cute) action love comedy" with an almost all-female cast. (Source: ANN) In a country called Vesparand, a new mineral with super stealth properties has been discovered which attracts Lupin's attention. At the same time the untimely deaths of Queen Sakura and her son, Prince Gill, leave Princess Mira next in succession to the throne. During a trip to Japan, Princess Mira finds her double in Ran and takes the opportunity to trade places, which ends with Ran being spirited away to Vesparand with Conan, Zenigata, Kogoro Mouri, Lupin and Fujiko in tow. There they meet a waiting Jigen and solve the mystery of the deaths of the Queen and Prince. (Source: ANN) Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children. Mimi Kitagami is a kind, level-headed girl who aims to be the best, coolest student council president of her high school class. However, three trouble-making boys are always causing her grief — and she has a one-sided crush on one of the boys, Ushio Toujou. (Source: ANN) Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. Toradora DVD shorts featuring the miniature forms of the Toradora characters talking about, and eating, food. Marika is a gothic lolita who somehow ends up in the mysterious town  of Galihabara. There she meets different famous scientists like Galileo Galilei, Marie Skłodowska Curie and Sir Isaac Newton. A gravure idol, Asada Misako, plays the main character Charady. Other characters are played by the students of Kyoto University of Art and Design Department of Character Designing. It is a short comedy animation about jokes from all parts of the world. Yurume, an 18-year old "ronin" and recent high school graduate, has high hopes of being accepted and attending Tokyo University. She moves into an apartment complex, the Maison du Wish, located on the outskirts of Tokyo where other ronins living there are studying for upcoming college acceptance exams. Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN) In 3131, the goats lived on Qingqing Field happily, and the Grey Wolf lived in the castle with his wife named Red Wolf beyond the Qingqing Field. Every time when Grey Wolf appeared on the Qingqing Field, and was going to catch the goats, all the goats would work together and chucked the wolf out of Qingqing Field. PGBBW is a classic story line of a village of happy-go-lucky goats and their not-so-friendly wolf neighbors. Each episode explores the wolf’s latest scheme to catch himself goat for dinner. Despite his attempts, the goats in the village always seem to outsmart the wolf—all while creating a funny and adventurous plot line. Many millennia ago, a meteor from space which threatened to destroy the world was stopped by Arceus who intervened to protect the world. While attempting to protect the world, Arceus was badly injured and Damos (ダモス) took care of it. As gratidude, Arceus promised to help make the desolate land of Michīna rich and prosperous so it gave Damos the Jewel of Life (命の宝玉). Arceus let Damos borrow 16 parts of its body to create the Jewel of Life which were to be returned to it on a specific date. Arceus was betrayed when it was not returned and it vowed to judge humans when it awakens. Many millennia after these events, Satoshi, Hikari and Takeshi arrive in the riverside town of Michīna (ミチーナ) which is surrounded by nature's beauty. They decide to go the ruins of Michīna which are at the summit of a large rock. There is a large and beautiful lake at its shores and Satoshi and friends are fascinated by the lake, but suddenly, waves begin to form in the lake and tornado of water begins to wreak havoc. A descendant of Damos, a girl called Sheena, runs out from the ruins of Michīna. Sheena saw what was happening and she summoned Dialga and she says "Dialga, please!" and Dialga manages to stop the tornado. Satoshi and his friends finally get to see the ruins and Kevin and Sheena tell the old legend of Michīna to Satoshi and his friends. Moments after they explain the legend, the fighting between Dialga, Palkia and Giratina becomes fierce and the ruins of Michīna are destroyed. Arceus is awoken... Source: pocketmonsters A 20-minute special centering around the life of Yukihisa Matsuda in Paris with his jealousy of Chiaki who is now a successful conductor also working in Paris. Following an automobile accident that claims the life of his parents, Teppei Arima is taken in by his grandfather and introduced to the world of the rich and the elite. Compared to his humble upbringing, Isshin Arima's lavish lifestyle surprises and stuns the young teenager. In return for the gracious hospitality, Teppei is expected to continue the family business by replacing his grandfather as the head of Arima Financial Combine, and to prepare him for these responsibilities, he is enrolled into an esteemed high school. Along with his recently acquired celebrity status and affluence, Teppei is informed of an arranged marriage with the equally prosperous Sylvia van Hossen, thus, beginning the thrilling escapades of his new life! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Murasame Sumika is popular in the high school for her excellence in the marks and sports. However, she has a secret: she is in love with her classmate Kazama Ushio. Ushio also has a liking to the love between girls, but she hasn't noticed Sumika's feelings and has always been refused by other girls. Waking up transformed into a beautiful girl might be the stuff of some guys' fantasies, but when the suddenly effeminatized Natsuru is informed by a stuffed tiger that he's now a Kampfer, a mystical fighter who has to fight other Kampfers in female form, his life becomes a living nightmare! Putting aside the obvious "plumbing" issues, Natsuru's best childhood friend turns out to swing the other way and SHE has a crush on his new female body. Not complex enough? Natsuru's school has separate sections for boys and girls, so he and she are now double enrolled. The rumor-mill has it that he's dating herself. And there are other Kampfers attending the school who want to take her out, and he's not sure which ones mean "on a date" and which ones mean "permanently." Oh, and did we mention that some Kampfers use swords and guns?! Hormones, fists, and other body parts will fly as the daring, new gender-bender defender must become a contender or die! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Based on a picture book by the late fashion icon Yves Saint-Laurent. Saint-Laurent originally created the cartoons in his picture book in 1956, when he was a 20-year-old working for the Christian Dior haute couturier. The cartoons follow the bizarre fantasies of a mischievous girl named Lulu. The story revolves around a typical high school boy named Kakeru Daichi and the can of melon juice soda that he bought from a vending machine. The can suddenly transforms into a beautiful but standoffish girl that Kakeru nicknames "Melon", and more "Akikan" ("empty can") girls appear. However, Akikan girls need to be infused with carbon dioxide in order to turn into a human. (Source: ANN, edited) A series of specials included on the Maria-sama ga Miteru 4th DVD releases. The high spirited girls Azuki Edomae, Mutsumi Mutsuki and Serika Shihodo, put on their "KIGURUMI"costumes instantly transforming them into the super heros Kigurumikku-Swan, Kigurumikku-Falcon and Kigurumikku-Swallow. Follow these super-girls as they defend Minamachi City and bring peace to the town. Ninjas with bloodline limits begin disappearing in all the countries and blame points toward the fire nation. By Tsunade's order, Kakashi is sacrificed to prevent an all out war. After inheriting charms left by Kakashi, Naruto fights through friends and foes to prevent his death while changing the minds of those who've inherited the will of fire. (Source: ANN) The intrigue goes international in The King of Eden, a feature-length conspiracy thriller that continues the action of Eden of the East. The deadly game that began in Japan now intensifies on the streets of New York City. The rules are the same: do whatever it takes to win. Die if you lose. Takizawa prevented Japan's destruction - and then he vanished. Six months later, clues lead Saki to the Big Apple in search of her missing friend. Meanwhile, the remaining Selecao are plotting their final move. Some of them would prefer Takizawa dead and out of the way. Some might even be willing to help him achieve his goals. Unfortunately, some are prepared to destroy everything if it means claiming checkmate in Mr. Outside's puzzling game. (Source: Funimation Entertainment) Nozomu Itoshiki is still the bizarre teacher of the even stranger Class 2-F. He attempts to teach his students the negative aspects of the world and society, only to have each circumstance thrown at his face whenever he tries. With more students and friends than before, Zetsubo-sensei's life becomes harder and crazier than ever before. (Source: ANN) An OVA bundled with the limited edition of the tankobon of the Kyou no Go no Ni manga. The staff and the cast of the OVA are the same as those of the Kyou no Go no Ni TV anime. Birdy uses her pin-up alter ego to help Tsutomu make a love connection with Sayaka, but everything goes horribly wrong when a Federation marionette is added to the equation! (Source: FUNimation) This OVA connects the first and second Birdy the Mighty Decode seasons. Takeshi was just an ordinary guy until a perfectly innocent study session with Michi - the most beautiful girl in the school - ended up with him being mysteriously transported into the strange dimension known as the Weiss Schwarz Battle Space. Once there, a crazy but enthusiastic old man informs him that he is the chosen warrior and must win a succession of card battles to get back home. The only problem: he doesn't know how to play! However, with the expert Michi ready to teach him the ins and outs of this bizarre and improbably slapstick card game, Takeshi will learn the ropes and get ready for the card battle of a lifetime. Assuming he survives the training... (Source: ANN) Short specials added to DVDs and Blu-rays. This OVA takes place ten years in the future and chronicles the possible events if Conan Edogawa and Ai Haibara do not take the antidote to APTX 4869 and grow up alongside their friends Genta, Mitsuhiko, and Ayumi, while still maintaining their detective endeavors. Aika's story continues, she is now 19 years-old, 3 years older than in R-16 and 7 younger than in Agent AIKa. Strange phenomena have been occuring at a girls academy. Slowly but persistently the most cute and beautiful girls are joining an internal club, but instead of a sing-in they just get abducted by a strange being that takes control over them by some indecent means. By coincidence Aika was flying-by on her plane when one of this abductions occurred and she was attacked to prevent her from comming closer, but instead of repelling her, she is intrigued about the attack's origin and then the opportunity shows up when her late partners from R-16 decide to investigate those abductions. The story remains full of action and panty flashing that are a must in Aika's series. (Source: ANN) On his way home from school one day, Junpei Kousaka idly kicked a can into a trashcan, missed miserably, and broke off the head of a cat deity statue. Now he’s cursed. After incurring the wrath of the great cat guardian, Junpei can suddenly hear what all cats say, and it’s rarely anything nice. To break the curse, Junpei must do 100 good deeds for cats. It doesn’t help that he’s allergic to cats, or that his crush Kaede Mizuno loves cats, but is terrible at dealing with them. As he works to atone for breaking the guardian cat statue, he must keep his curse a secret from others or it will grow stronger. He might have a thing for Kaede, but working through this curse makes him more aware of all the other wonderful people (and girls) around him. Guided by his fat cat Nyamusas and joined by a number of catty personalities around his neighborhood, Junpei works towards fulfilling 100 cat wishes, or he is doomed to become a cat himself－a fate which means certain death due to his allergies. Slice of life comedy about pitfalls of Japanese society. After resolving the problems in the Labyrinth Kingdom, Love Momozono and her friends live a happy life and continue their dance training. Suddenly, the town children's toys start to go missing and the girls agree to help find them. Love Momozono's stuffed rabbit then comes to life and tells the Cures that the Toymajin is responsible. The Fresh Pretty Cure cast then travel to the Kingdom of Toys to save the day! (Source: bakabt) An anime adaptation of Sensha Yoshida's Utsurun Desu. four-panel "nonsensical" gag comedy manga. The manga used a stable of off-the-wall characters to tell jokes that defied logic or reasoning. The original manga ran in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits magazine from 1989 to 1994. (Source: ANN) Summer! Everyone is full of energy today. Pikachu and friends play with their beach ball! Pikachu and Pochama are chasing and diving in a river when they drift over and see a metropolis. "Where are we?" they said, searching from the rooftops of the buildings. Suddenly, with a bang, jagged-eared Pichu and Muchul collide. The two argue in an angry mood. "Sparkling is gone! It was the present to give to Kireihana..." Besides, today is her birthday!? This is troublesome! We must hurry and search. Moreover, Nyarth-tachi are aiming too! Thus, the Great Sparkling Search begins! (Source: Pocketmonsters) The second season of Tentai Senshi Sunred . Based on a manga about cats and their sake loving owner. A 90 second anime adaptation of the original Tonari no 801-chan manga about a 28 year-old salaryman otaku who has a 22 year-old co-worker girlfriend who is a fujoshi, or female otaku obsessed with yaoi. Anime has as a fairy brown dispenser of some 'of his good fortune to those less fortunate. Unko-san lived on Lucky Island together with her friends, all of them with a different personality and culture. Special episode 9.5. A violent, trouble-making kabuki player joins a traveling monk, who happens to be have been transformed into a monkey by a curse, on a colorful journey west to ancient southern Asia. (Source: Animesonfire) Yatterman movie. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Special Tayutama -Kiss on my Deity- episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. The summer of a man's boyhood memories continue. Still on the cusp between childhood and being a man, he has linked with the ghost of a young woman from the World War 2 era. She, and the ghosts of other young ladies from that time, continue adventures alongside their linked partners, learning more about each other and travelling through time via their supernatural connection. While he struggles to see his crush on her come to fruition, meanwhile his friend—a girl his age, pretending to be a boy—seeks his attention as well. (Source: ANN) Bonus specials released together with the OVA. An extra episode entitled "cruncha cruncha cruncha", which happens in the middle of the TV series. It's called an "Advanced Broadcast" and was aired prior to the actual series. Many patients with different problems visit the psychiatric ward of Irabu General Hospital; a trapeze artist suffering from insomnia after suddenly failing his jumps, a gangster afraid of knives and sharp objects and a business man who has an erection 24 hours a day. They undergo counseling by Dr. Ichiro Irabu, who is the child-like son of the hospital director. His assistant is the sullen faced sexy nurse Mayumi. With his mysterious injections, and advice that does not make sense, Dr. Irabu confuses his patients. But at the end of his unique treatments, the patients are lead to digging further into their souls to find peace of mind. (Source: fujicreative.co.jp) The Phantom Company plans a stage play for the poor children for it's 3rd anniversary since its foundation. But the original theater performers got into a ship accident on their way to London and won't make it in time for the presentation. Faced with this situation Ciel commands Sebastian, "Make the stage play a success". And just like that, Ciel, with his three servants, Lau and Ranmao, Soma and Agni, start rehearsing Hamlet. Even Undertaker and Grell show up for the show, and the rehearsals go on. Will the stage play go through as planned? (Sources: kuroshitsuji.tv, elune) Inuyasha, Kagome, Miroku, Sango, Shippou and their neko-mata friend Kirara, are now in the final leg of their quest to put an end to the elusive demon, Naraku and all of the chaos and evil he has caused, and to ultimately undo the unfortunate karma of the Jewel of Four Souls. Their journey, however, will not be easy as their remaining enemies put out all the stops to make sure that they do not accomplish their goal. This TV Anime depicts Volumes 36-56 (end) of the Inuyasha manga. The story continues from the last moment seen in Inuyasha's original anime. Inuyasha, Kagome, Sango, Miroku and Shippou are now in the definitive quest to beat Naraku and the evil he has created and absorbed, they don't lose hope since their future depends on it, but the path isn't easy nor short so they will go through life threatening situations and must put their friendship and love on the line with wisdom to know who their friends and foes are to succeed. (Source: ANN) Ukkari Penelope is about a young koala's daily adventures. The narrator is Mamiko Noto! Andou Soako, a high school girl and a 'Mega-klutz' as she thinks herself to be is about to be late for school yet again, for nine straight days! She rushes out from her home and runs out to make up for the lost time when she suddenly realizes that her breasts are wobbling much more than usual and she has a feeling of a gentle breeze under her skirt... Extra anime shorts included on DVD. Episode 1: Summer Memories (Vol. 1) Episode 2: The Meteor Distance (Vol. 3) Episode 3: Twinkle Star (Vol. 5) Note: Music video specials are not included in the entry as they don't contain any new scenes. Ichigo is a little girl who is distressed by the failing relationship between her mother and father (who is actually her step-father). After school one day she meets a driver of a magical bus and finds herself taking a ride in the bus. The bus transports her to the past to shortly after her mother and real father met. Perhaps she is meant to do something that will help her parents stay together and love one another further into the future. (Source: ANN) Pandora Hearts DVD shorts. Episode list The second season of Stitch!, episode numbers continue from 27. The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings. (Source: ANN) A re-editing of the 11 television episodes of Higashi no Eden. While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like there would be an earthquake in his room. A little rabbit from an alternate universe named Chamii opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer and gets inside Nobita's room through the floor. Nobita waks up and Doraemon hears somebody steals food from the fridge in the kitchen. It is Chamii, who gets caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see the Koya Koya Planet. they meet a boy named Roppuru... Fifteen-year-old Chacha is a typical teen with an atypical talent: she can communicate with cats. Though her friend Mito thinks this is the coolest ability in the world, Chacha finds her unique skill to be annoying at best and disruptive at worst. Whether she's dealing with countless strays proposing marriage, neighborhood cats offering to help her with tests or waking up to 'presents' on her bed in the night, Chacha's normal school life will be anything but! (Source: Anime-Planet) Special shown at the Jump Super Anime Tour in 2009. In a world where the taste and texture of food is extremely important, there exist individuals known as Bishoku-ya (luxury food providers) who specialize in the acquisition of rare ingredients and animals. Toriko is one of these hunters and it is his dream to find the most precious foods in the world and create the ultimate dinner course. As one of the most skilled hunters in the world he is regularly hired by restaurants and the rich to seek out new ingredients and rare animals. A man with inhuman ability, he utilizes his incredible strength and knowledge of the animal kingdom to capture ferocious, evasive and rare beasts to further his final goal, the ultimate dinner course composed of the most delicious food in the world. He is currently accompanied by a weak and timid chef who, inspired by Toriko's ambition, travels with him to improve his culinary skills and find rare ingredients. The "summer supernatural teen comedy" revolves around an ordinary high school boy named Takashi who ends up living with a space alien's spirit (uchūjin no yūrei) after a strange incident. He names the creature "Uchurei" and plans to keep it as a pet, but becomes possessed by it. (Source: ANN) Kazamatsuri Touma's favourite quiet cafe — where she reads recently bought books — will soon close, so she and Kageyama Torako look for another quiet place for Touma to read. Torako suggests the cake cafe nearby. And as it turns out the two girls really love the European cakes there, and can not resist trying them all out. (Source: AniDB) Because the Demon World Tournament winner has requested it, Yusuke, Kuwabara and Kurama get together in front of an audience for each of them to record a morning and evening greeting. The problem is how to get Hiei to do the same. 1. February 24: Polaroidron / February 25: Won't Forget 2. February 10: Anywhere Bicycle / February 11: The Tortoise and the Hare 3. June 6: Red Thread / June 7: Deeper Meaning These specials feature the Oshitari cousins in a Manzai (漫才) setup [a style of stand-up comedy in Japan, which usually involves two performers—a straight man (tsukkomi) and a funny man (boke)]. Story 1 involves Oshitari Yuuhi who is tired of being the tsukkomi and wants to try his hand at being a boke but with disastrous results. Story 2 is about Oshitari Kenya in the role of a boke whose jokes didn't get through to the audience in a joint Namiwa-Seishun Talentshow. Special shorts that come with the DVDs for Valkyria Chronicles. The seven Blu-ray disc volumes of K-ON! have an extra short anime "Ura-ON!" A new Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA. Suguru and his classmates prepare for a maid café to celebrate the town's anniversary. Meanwhile, Minawa is attacked by robots. Mahoro tries to save Minawa and help Suguru and his classmates prepare for the maid café. Amu meets a super-peppy transfer student at Seiyo Academy Elementary School named Hiiragi Rikka at school one day. Not only can she see Guardian Characters, but it seems she has some other, mysterious powers as well. When she sees the work that Amu and the other Guardians do at school, she's awestruck. Each 24-25 minute episode consists of a series of variety show style shorts (including Shugo Chara! Pucchi Puchi) totaling approx. 9-10 minutes, followed by the main 11-12 minute animation titled Shugo Chara!!! Dokki Doki which is the actual continuation of season 2 and comes with it's own opening animation. The remaining time is occupied by live action padding between each section and capped off with the opening/ending themes at the beginning and end of the episode. (Source: AniDB) The story follows Neri Ooishi, a high school girl who is a talented volleyball player. She once was the captain of an elementary school team that went all the way to the national tournament. However, she spent three years as an alternate at a junior high school renowned for its volleyball program. Now she is in high school with new teammates, and she gets a chance to prove herself again. The sixth manga volume will have a "special edition" that will ship with the anime DVD on October 23. Nihonbashi herself is writing the script for the anime, and Prodution I.G is animating it. Chibi comedy released as a DVD extra. While searching for a run-away cat the twins Riko and Rimu Mikogami find a strange device that transforms them into "Kirumin." It also enables them to turn into real animals. Their older sister Nagisa soon joins them. Now the three have cute, funny and sometimes dangerous adventures. The second season of Eagle Talon. Based on the Russian "national character" Cheburashka. The character comes from Eduard Uspensky's story about a mysterious creature who gets accidentally transported in a box of oranges to Russia. Japan's TV Asahi network will premiere a television anime adaptation of Tetsu Adachi's Baka-Kyoudai (Idiotic Siblings) manga under the title Gokyoudai Monogatari (Sibling Stories) on October 10. The original manga has been running on an irregular schedule in Kodansha's Young Magazine since 1999. The story centers on a sister and her twin brother who live carefree lives in Tokyo's lower-class neighborhoods and have heartwarming encounters with the local people. It received an award of excellence at the 7th Cultural Media Arts Festival in 2003. Yuki Matsuoka will voice the sister Onei Jinushi, and Yumiko Kobayashi will play her twin brother Junichirō Jinushi. Sayaka Ohara will play the local restaurant waitress Shizuka. Kotatsu Neko is based on a "live-action science-fiction/fantasy romance" film of the same name which was released in Japan in 2006. The story is set in a certain neighborhood of Tokyo where two cats live under a kotatsu. Shito is a girlish white cat, while Zero is a cool black cat. The cat's owner, Rei "Junior" Fujisaki, is a third-year middle-school hikikomori obsessed with games. He likes a girl in his class, but naturally, he cannot work up the nerve to tell her. Shito herself harbors a secret one-sided love also. (Source: ANN) In the Flash-animated television comedy series, a sumo wrestler named Mikoshiarashi travels around the world to train to become the Yokozuna, the Grand Sumo Champion. He meets colorful characters along the way as he is determined to meet his goals. Saint Lily Gakuen no Himitsu episodes bundled with the Blu-ray editions. This year is the 10th anniversary of Naruto's serialization start. This work will feature an episode with Team Kakashi from Naruto's youth era. It will be surprisingly different from the TV series, don't miss it‼ Shana-tan specials bundled with the Shakugan no Shana S Blu-ray and DVD. Episodes #1: Shakugan no Shana-tan G #2: Shakugan no Shana-tan 2dos #3: Shakugan no Shana-tan 3tri #4: Shakugan no Shana-tan FRONTIER Komaneko is a female kitten who lives with her grandfather in their mountain home, where Komaneko loves to make handicraft. Komaneko is looking forward to Christmas when she can see her papa and mama, and an early present arrives at her home. The present is a cute doll, but included with the doll is a letter, "We can't be home for Christmas." Despondent but determined, Komaneko and her friend, Rajiboo set off on an adventure together. (Source: ANN) Specials included on the Princess Lover! Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Episodes 25 & 26, added to DVD. Reinya appears to be an ordinary girl working at a convenience store but she is in fact, the Phantom Thief Reinya. Together with her assistant Chūtarō in their secret hideout right below the local convenience store, Reinya hatches plans to steal various treasures made of gold. They face an incompetent trio of a perverted police inspector, a policewoman who is a natural airhead, and a detective totally infatuated with Reinya, all of them in a police station beside Reinya's convenience store. (Source: ANN) DVD and BD specials of Umineko no Naku Koro ni containing the parody dubbing by the original cast. A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. A mobile phone TV show broadcasted on Bee TV. The anime is most notable for its entire cast being voiced by seiyuu Sawashiro Miyuki, who plays every single character, from male to female and from human to non-human. Short episode bundled with the limited edition release of "Bungaku Shoujo" Minarai no, Shoushin . The series of comedy shorts is set in New York in the future, when plants and dinosaurs have overrun the city. Yans and Gans are carnivorous dinosaurs who spend their days scaring and hunting down the herbivore dinosaurs. In the city of Salta, a place where the sun never shines, a community of vampires lives. Hipira is a little vampire who lives the life of a typical boy, attending school and dealing with bullies along the way. However, he also has a soft spot for exploring, playing pranks on others and having grand adventures! Whether he's befriending a human soul, scaring his neighbours by pretending day has come or encountering giant frogs and aliens, Hipira is always getting himself into and out of trouble. Special side stories included with the DVD version of Fight Ippatsu! Juuden-chan!! Saki picture drama included in the DVD volumes 3 through 9. Comedy anime about the generation gaps. The three main characters represent the major generations of Japanese; Yutori (teenagers), Tsumekomi (20-30s) and Dankai (middle age). Tsumekomi-chan is an office worker in a toy company and supervises the part-time working student Yutori-chan. She tries to get along with Yutori-chan but her selfish behavior typical of the Yutori generation is incomprehensible. A very special episode included with the Blu-ray release. The Entrails Animals and Akane discuss philosophical topics such as existence, purpose, and low-quality merchandise. The cast of Baka to Test all get together and tell us what Christmas means to them. Joy! Random side-stories of Chousokabe and Mouri in chibi form. Short specials from the DVDs/BDs. An unprecedented media show is on air at a TV broadcasting studio. The show is asking people whether a spider that drove an assemblyman crazy should be publicly executed or not. The spider in question is Je Bul-chal(meaning 'my mistake'), a hardworking young individual who became 'an ear cleaner' because of a precious memory he holds concerning his sister. In order to take a poll about his execution, the story of how Mr. Sorry became a spider is gradually revealed. (Source: Official website) Commercial web animation made for Nissan Note. Despite being a commercial, the content is highly independent, starting with a little girl keep asking everyone what is "Teinenpi", a kanji word meaning low fuel cost. It features a parody of the classic anime "Heidi" in 1974 but directed by Mr. Fumihara Satoshi, the director of the gag anime "The World of Golden Eggs". It also features Mr. Koumoto Junichi playing multiple roles including: Heidi's Grandpa, Peter, Kurara and the sheep! (Source: news.searchina.ne.jp) Story about Fumiko, a schoolgirl who just confessed her love. But she gets turned down because the boy wants to concentrate on baseball training. Crying and running downhill through the town, she gains more and more speed... Short corners released exclusively on DVD. A collaboration between Tentai Senshi Sunred and the J. League football team Kawasaki Frontale.  The members of the team appeared in these specials and voiced themselves. The seventeenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Special omake episodes from the Blu-Ray releases, showing the heroines and foes in funny, uncommon situations. A comedy anime about the life of Machiko, a sheep girl who lives in the Champs-Élysées shopping district. Note: Eleven episodes released as of August 20, 2015. Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia) DVD/BD specials. Two short "skit-type" anime: Episode 1: "Meii Jade? (Great Doctor Jade?)" Episode 2: "Goshujin-sama to Maid (Master and Maid)" A short in which a student named Ai meets an alien with a time machine. Ai also appears in the short "Kobe to Watashi". A special episode of Stitch, taking place between season 1 and season 2. In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN) DVD/Blu-ray specials of Umi Monogatari. The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. The story begins as archaeologists discover a crudely-made artifact while doing an archaeological study before the entire area was to be flooded following the construction of the Three Gorges Dam. The archaeologists identify it as being made by Mak-zi (also known as "McFat"), an ancient Chinese philosopher who had invented many things, but were arguably ahead of its time - for example, a myriad of electronic devices before the discovery of electricity. However, the crudeness of the artifact has led to the artifact being rejected for every museum in China and abroad, and thus, unwilling to destroy it, the artifact was set on a barge, continuously moving along the Yangtze River. The story continues on to Mak-zi's descendant 18 generations later, McDull (Kwok Kwan Yin), a kindergartener living in Hong Kong. (Source: Wikipedia) Adventures include going into deep sea and accompanying dinosaurs. The shows are mainly based on science or science fiction. It has been popular in China, one reason might be the fact that many of the Chinese youth have been sending questions to the studio, and the studio answers them with one of Lan Mao's adventures. Lan Mao is sometimes impulsive, and in the end gets nothing but trouble. (Source: Wikipedia) Mini Flash anime from the limited-edition DVDs volumes (episodes 1-6) and Blu-ray Box (episodes 1-8, of which 7 and 8 were new additions to the Blu-ray box). Special episodes from the BD/DVDs. A third set of animated shorts featuring the popular Imagin characters from the Japanese live-action series "Kamen Rider Den-O". Kaichou wa Maid-sama! special that was included on a DVD released with the LaLa magazine. Features character introductions and voice swapping comedy. The Amars go on an adventure in the forest. A promotional video that was shown to the public at Comiket 78, and uploaded to YouTube and posted on the official website. It was also included with the first Blu-ray/DVD volume of the Matsuri OVA. It is done in the style of a visual novel game played on a Nintendo DS screen. (Source: AniDB) Shobu and friends continue to face the members of Fua Duelist in the world championship and defeat them all. And now Shobu is the world champion. Before Shobu could relax he is being called into the creature world to face Diabolos Zeta, Temporal Ruler, who is about to bring annihilation. Shobu and friends gather the new legendary cards and stop him with their new powers of these cards. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) Some of the characters get together and talk about "regrets" they have after 4 years of anime Gintama. Soon they fight over who gets more screen time. Special animation shown at the Gintama Haru Matsuri 2010 live event. Naruto discovers a genie's bottle while he and the gang are at a genin grill party. When everyone finds out about the genie's ability to grant wishes, the ultimate chase begins. (Source: AniDB) The continuation of Penguin no Mondai. This is a series of 8 short stories inspired by the popular series Prince of Tennis featuring different schools' characters. While being let out to play by their trainers, Pikachu and Piplup wind up separated from their Pokémon friends and wind up travelling with a Skitty into a strange dimension, unknowingly followed by Croagunk, Team Rocket's Pokémon and a Marill that's desperate to have someone hear her sing... (Source: Bulbapedia) Bomahead is about a girl and a robot who live in a junkyard. The robot claims he wants to fight for justice with hero-like abilities, but everything always turns out wrong. The mystery behind the girl and the robot are unraveled through a rapid succession of unexpected turn of events. Special shown at the Jump Super Anime Tour in 2010. The Frogman Company presents, a Tumulus Cinderella Story! Once upon a time, a gentle girl named Coffy lived a life of misery, being treated like trash by her sister-by-law Daniel and her family. Coffy was not allowed to go to the dance party where Prince Charles would choose his bride, but... The sequel to Kamiusagi Rope; it also aired in between commercials at theaters. A special included in the DVD of Shin Koihime†Musou OVA and the BD-BOX of Shin Koihime†Musou. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. There is no putting it lightly—Tsunayoshi Sawada is just no good. He is clumsy, talentless, and desperately in love with the school idol Kyouko Sasagawa, a girl so completely out of his league. Dubbed "Loser Tsuna" by his classmates, he seems to be the very personification of failure in the guise of a middle-schooler. Tsuna's boring life takes an extraordinary twist when he encounters the mysterious Reborn, who happens to be a hitman... and shockingly, a baby! Sent from the strongest Mafia family in Italy, Reborn is assigned the daunting mission of preparing the dull middle schooler to succeed the ninth boss of the notorious Vongola family, who is on the brink of retirement. The dull boy has a grueling road ahead, but with the help of his new criminal affiliates and his peculiar home tutor, perhaps even Loser Tsuna can achieve greatness. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A sequel to Peeping Life comedy anthology, The Perfect Emotion features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches. BD specials with the Hanamaru Kindergarten main characters dancing to the Panda Neko theme. BD specials styled as "previews" in an alternative magical-girl setting. Special included in the Peeping Life: The Perfect Emotion's DVD release. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials included on the DVDs for the second season. A girl who is protecting her city. Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Picture drama specials included on the seventh BD volume of the 11eyes series. The stories focused on the Black Knights with jokes. The 16th-century shogun Oda Nobunaga wakes up in a high school girl's body. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] More short stories featuring Zocco and Minime. The series received the first airing starting November 10, 2010. On June 10, 2013 five episodes were released on YouTube. Follows the story a flamboyant Kimezou who works for a company that makes star shaped confections. The phone-only episodes 11 & 12 of Hipira-kun. Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The real female idol group PASSPO☆ are the stars of this anime. The PASSPO☆ members are represented as animals and go on flight-attendant adventures. An exclusive episode showing the guest character, Kijimunaa's sister, who looks like Kijimunaa and is pink. (Source: Wikipedia) A 6-minute promotion video of the novel. Specials of 4 minutes which recounts the adventures of Kerberotte-chan including characters of Princess Resurrection. Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  An exclusive picture drama released with the Blu-Ray Box Set of Seto no Hanayome. The first part starts out with gags and the characters drawn in a simplistic chibi style. It's followed by a quick recap and then goes into the main picture drama story.  Fourth film in the Secret Society Eagle Talon film series. Initially released directly to DVD, but was later screened at TOHO Cinemas Roppongi Hills. Collaboration of Peeping Life and PS3. A DVD containing 6 PS3 related Peeping Life episodes was given out at the 2010 Tokyo Game show. On a legendary island shaped like an unusually regular turd, a population of turd-people and insanely aggressive animals go about their hilarity-packed day to day lives. Central character Yoshiko Un is known as Unko-san, but you're unlikely to meet her--the island appears only to the fortunate few, to whom they give good luck. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) A rooster who happens to be a father. The episodes follow a pig named Peeban and his friends. 20 years after meddling into the bank heist of a notorious robber named Gasback, Vash the Stampede is heading towards Macca City. Rumors say that the legendary thief might appear there causing an enormous influx of bounty hunters in the area who want to collect the $$300,000,000 prize for his head. (Source: ANN) The movie will be based on the storyline in season 1 but will have new battle animation and a new transformation sequence. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro , frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world! The battle to find the supreme Sekirei continues. Still some of the fighters and their masters refuse to participate in the battle since losing it means to lose the Sekirei forever, and many of them actually care about their partners, while others just use them as tools. A storm is rising on the horizon, a bigger threat approaches the city and it's about to bring pain and suffering to those who love and care for their Sekireis. (Source: ANN) Episode 01: Rito becomes a Woman Lala invents a gizmo to make her bust bigger. However, this invention of hers accidentally turns Rito into a woman. Episode 02: Rito and Mikan Feeling lonely because Rito is always spending time with Lala, Mikan storms out of the house. While Rito and Lala are out looking for her a few flashbacks from the past, showing Rito and Mikan as kids, are shown. Episode 03: Welcome to the Southern Resort!! Haruna wins an island resort trip for ten females. Rito gets turned into a dog by one of Lala's inventions and somehow ends up on the island as well. Episode 04: Trouble Quest Rito and the girls become trapped inside an RPG game where the objective is to save Lala and defeat the evil witch Kyouko. Episode 05: Nana and Momo Lala's sisters cause mischief for Rito and his harem at a cherry blossom viewing. Episode 06: Draft, Metamorphose, Hand & Tail Yami and Yui confront with a senior, causing Yui to lose her panties. Mikan finds Peke taking snapshots of new clothing while shopping. Suddenly, a stranger steals her bag. As Rito tries to explore Lala's cleaned-up bedroom, he accidentally activates one of Lala's invention, fusing his hand to Lala's tail. Sweet and naïve Hanato Kobato came to Earth on a mission to collect and fill a bottle with "konpeito," which appear after healing a person's heart that is suffering. Kobato collects these because it is her wish to go to a certain place. Despite her strangeness, Kobato turns out to be well-suited for this mission as her heartfelt sincerity in helping others earns her the love and admiration of everyone she meets. However, she is not allowed to fall in love with anyone whose heart she heals. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The series continues the relationship between two aspiring classical musicians, Megumi "Nodame" Noda and Shinichi Chiaki, as students and after graduation. An average boy named Norio is suddenly getting a lot of unwanted romantic attention. A fall down the stairs into the arms of a handsome stranger sets off the beginnings of an explanation, and it is one Norio never could have possibly imagined. Soon a whole new world opens up for Norio revealing a secret society of special people evolved from animals other than monkeys. Norio turns out to be a particularly rare breed and his DNA is in high demand. Now that he's suddenly the prey, it'll take much effort to survive in this modern jungle. This story revolves around a high school boy who discovers that he is part of a select group of humans who did not evolve from monkeys, but various animals such as leopards and black bears. (Source: ANN) The main character is Kou Kitamura, son of the owner of Kitamura Sports. In the same neighborhood is a batting center run by the Tsukishima family. Due to their proximity and the relationship between their businesses, the Kitamura and Tsukishima familes have been close for many years, with their children going back and forth between the two homes like extended family. Because Kou and Wakaba were the same age and always together, Aoba was jealous of all the time Kou spent with her older sister. Aoba is a natural pitcher with excellent form, and Kou secretly trains to become as good as she was, even while publicly showing little interest in baseball. Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai , a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced. Kio is just another boring, nice guy with a boring, nice life until he meets a beautiful, curvaceous cat-girl while attending a memorial service for one of his ancestors. Next thing he knows, he's lying in bed with this half-naked beauty next to him! Her name is Eris, and she has come to Earth to learn more about its inhabitants as a representative of the planet Catian. And she's decided to set up shop at Kio's home for her stay on Earth! Unbeknownst to Kio, there are quite a few organizations who will attempt to capture Eris, looking to keep her existence a secret by any means necessary. What's worse is when people around Kio turn out to secretly be a part of those organizations! Kio will have to work hard to keep Eris safe from these shady groups. Things are about to get mysterious, exciting, and most importantly sexy in Asobi ni Iku yo! After the death of his parents, Yuuto Amakawa lives a pretty ordinary life in the city. The only problem he has to worry about while attending school alongside Rinko, his next-door neighbor, is his cat allergies. That all changes on his sixteenth birthday, when an Ayakashi—a supernatural creature—attacks him for the sins of his ancestors. Luckily, he is saved by Himari, a mysterious cat-woman with a sword, who explains that Yuuto is the scion of a family of demon-slayers, and she is there to protect him now that the charm that kept him hidden from the supernatural forces of the world has lost its power. Omamori Himari chronicles Yuuto's dealings with the various forces of the supernatural world, as well as the growing number of women that show up on his doorstep, each with their own dark desires. Will Yuuto be able to adjust to his new "exciting" environment? Or will the ghost of his (ancestor's) past catch up with him? The story centers around Akihisa Yoshii, the "baka" of the title. His academy rigidly divides up the student body into classes based on the results of tests. The prodigies are in the A class with reclining seats complete with air conditioning, but Akihisa is in F class, the lowest rung of the school ladder which is furnished only with low, decrepit tables and worn-out straw tatami mats. A girl named Mizuki Himeji is actually one of the smartest girls in Akihisa's sophomore year, but she had a fever on test day and was pigeonholed into the F class. Besides Mizuki (who Akihisa secretly adores), the F class also has Yuuji Sakamoto, the class president who has been Akihisa's friend and partner-in-crime since the freshman year. The school happens to have developed experiments to summon fantasy creatures, and Akihisa decides to rally F class to take on the higher-tiered classes and seize their perks. The F class uses the summoned creatures in an all-out battle for school supremacy. Otonashi awakens only to learn he is dead. A rifle-toting girl named Yuri explains that they are in the afterlife, and Otonashi realizes the only thing he can remember about himself is his name. Yuri tells him that she leads the Shinda Sekai Sensen (Afterlife Battlefront) and wages war against a girl named Tenshi. Unable to believe Yuri's claims that Tenshi is evil, Otonashi attempts to speak with her, but the encounter doesn't go as he intended. Otonashi decides to join the SSS and battle Tenshi, but he finds himself oddly drawn to her. While trying to regain his memories and understand Tenshi, he gradually unravels the mysteries of the afterlife. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Anzu goes to a kindergarten with her friends, the shy Koume and the eccentric Hiiragi. Together they try to attract attention from their caretaker Tsuchida. However, he is clearly more interested in the pretty Yamamoto who supervises the class next door. The story of political and subversive intrigue in the series finally reaches endgame. Even as the law enforcement net tightens around Saki and her fellow Eden of the East associates over alleged terrorist activities, the complex web surrounding the mysterious Mr. Outside is finally untangled as the remaining Selecao attempt to outmaneuver one another. Takizawa's memories and identity are also finally revealed including his association with a former Prime Minister and his request to be the King of Eden. (Source: ANN) The story centers on Nayu, a middle school girl who shocks her schoolmates on the first day of school by wearing black lace panties. She likes this kind of underwear, and she tries to "spread the word on the merits of [these kinds of] underwear" via an underwear club with her schoolmates, who are worried about their bodies' development and which underwear to choose. (Source: ANN) A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The stage of Kuroshitsuji II opens on the life of Alois Trancy, the young heir to the Trancy earldom. Though he is privileged now, such was not always the case for the hot-tempered boy. Kidnapped and forced into slavery at a young age, he was eventually rescued and returned home, only to have his beloved father pass away soon after. However, there are certain individuals who doubt Alois' story and legitimacy. And rightfully so, because things in the Trancy household are not as they appear, starting with Alois' black-clad butler with supernatural abilities, Claude Faustus. Who exactly is the mysterious Claude, and what connection does he have with Alois? Amid the web of lies and deceit running rampant in the mansion, the bond between Alois and Claude will be tested as hell itself arrives at their doorstep. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Afterschool Teatime performs live on New Year's Eve. An extra episode of Umi Monogatari: Anata ga Itekureta Koto. One year after the events of the main series, the girls have moved on. Kanon has decided on her future occupation and wants to go into oceanography. Meanwhile in the sea, Marin and her group find a lost sea cow separated from its mother. Can the girls help reunite the baby sea cow with her mother? Global political figures such as The Pope, Kim Jong Il, George W. Bush and recent Japanese Prime Ministers play riichi mahjong against each other. Due to his love for small, cute things, Souta Takanashi cannot turn childlike Popura Taneshima down when she recruits him to work for Wagnaria, a family restaurant located in Hokkaido. Takanashi takes particular joy in doting on the older Popura, which only fuels her complex over how young she looks. He also quickly learns he must stay on his toes once he meets the rest of his colleagues, including the katana-wielding floor chief Yachiyo Todoroki, the intimidating head chef Jun Satou, the dangerously well-informed and subtly sadistic sous chef Hiroomi Souma, the adamantly lazy manager Kyouko Shirafuji, and the waitress Mahiru Inami who has a "painful" fear of men. Powered by an eccentric cast, Working!! is a unique workplace comedy that follows the never-dull happenings within the walls of Wagnaria as Takanashi and his co-workers' quirky personalities combine to create non-stop antics, shenanigans, and hilarity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] GA: Geijutsuka Art Design Class OVA. "I Want to Draw the Blue Sky" The story revolves around Maya, the daughter of the former Headmaster of Waldstein Academy, and a time traveling agent Fumiaki Uchida. In the year 2012, the world had been invaded by aliens and time travelers were sent back to the year 1999 in order to find and destroy the Nostradamus Key, which Nostradamus Prophecy foretold as what would bring about the apocalypse. The series then turns to the year 1999, where Maya returns to the Academy with the intention of destroying the Academy by superseding her late father's position as the principal. Her plan was interrupted when she meets Fumiaki and learns of the forthcoming destruction. Despite being distrusting towards Fumiaki, they form a pact to look for the Nostradamus Key. In order to find the Nostradamus Key, time agents were provided with specially created cell phones. When a user finds an object of interest, by thinking of destroying it and taking a photo, and if the resulting image is that of a peaceful world, then the subject is the Nostradamus Key. Conversely, if the subject is not the Nostradamus Key, then the photo displays destruction. By using the phone, Maya and Fumiaki investigates occult occurrences as they occur in the town. (Source: Wikipedia) Nobita asks Doraemon to take him somewhere they can dive and as a result the robot-cat uses several gadgets to make it possible for both to able to swim on an imaginary ocean above sea level. Inadvertently a mermaid ends up on Nobita's backyard when they turn off the illusion. Her name is Sophia and she is a princess of an ancient underwater civilization. Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Jyaian, and Suneo quickly become her friends and are invited to visit her homeland. While heading towards the underwater kingdom they find themselves amid a conflict between the mermaids and an opposing tribe that has driven them away from their home planet thousands of years ago. Doraemon, Nobita, and their friends must then aid Sophia find a legendary sword that might bring peace once again to the seas. (Source: ANN) Being the first female student council president isn't easy, especially when your school just transitioned from an all boys high school to a co-ed one. Aptly nicknamed "Demon President" by the boys for her strict disciplinary style, Misaki Ayuzawa is not afraid to use her mastery of Aikido techniques to cast judgment onto the hordes of misbehaving boys and defend the girls at Seika High School. Yet even the perfect Ayuzawa has an embarrassing secret—she works part-time as a maid at a maid café to help her struggling family pay the bills. She has managed to keep her job hidden from her fellow students and maintained her flawless image as a stellar student until one day, Takumi Usui, the most popular boy in school, walks into the maid café. He could destroy her reputation with her secret... or he could twist the student council president around his little finger and use her secret as an opportunity to get closer to her. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The continuing stories of the daily life of the students of the Hidamari Apartments at Yamabuki High School. This time, a year has passed since the first season. Yuno and Miyako are second years, Sae and Hiro are third years, and two new students, Nori and Nazuna, move into the Hidamari Apartments. (Source: ANN) After enrolling at the Constant Magic Academy, Akuto Sai discovers he's not just a gifted student with magical powers; he's destined to become the Demon King. And though he's not that crazy about the idea, it drives the girls wild! From the sexy school girls in his class to the skin-obsessed android who's programmed to seduce him, Akuto has no shortage of wacky girl trouble. How much temptation can a demon king take? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Hino Akiharu lost his parents when he was small and was adopted into his uncle's family. He didn't want to be a burden on his uncle's family and decides to enter a free boarding school as a butler, Hakureiryou high school. However, his delinquent boy-like appearance frightens the girls, who make up the majority of the students. Unable to get along with the classmates, Akiharu meets his childhood crush Saikyou Tomomi. Kewpie, the babylike doll that the late American artist Rose O'Neill created for Ladies' Home Journal magazine in 1909, will celebrate its 100th anniversary this December with its first animated project. (Source: ANN) One cold Christmas day, Kyon heads over to school and the SOS Brigade's holiday celebration, only to realize that Haruhi Suzumiya seems to have disappeared. Moreover, no one even remembers her or the SOS Brigade; Mikuru Asahina knows nothing and is now afraid of him, and Itsuki Koizumi has also gone missing. The Literature Club, formed only by an uncharacteristically shy Yuki Nagato, now occupies the old SOS club room. Suzumiya Haruhi no Shoushitsu is based on the fourth light novel of the acclaimed Haruhi series and is set after the events of the anime series. Not uncultured in the supernatural, Kyon will have to deal with his whole life turned upside down like a bad joke, and maybe it's better that way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The movie involves a mysterious force causing unusual incidents to happen all over the world, and the nations having to try to ward off the threat of human extinction from the alien race known as Pict, who seek to transform mankind and drain the color from the world (with America deciding that the world will be saved under his command). (Source: WikiHetalia) The second season of Weiß Survive. Gintoki and his Yorozuya friends (or rather, employees suffering under labor violations), Shinpachi and Kagura, continue to scrape by in the futuristic, alien-infested city of Edo. They take on whatever work they can find while trying not to get involved in anything too dangerous. But when Katsura, the leader of the Joui rebels and Gintoki's long-time acquaintance, disappears after being brutally attacked by an unknown assassin, Shinpachi and Kagura begin an investigation into his whereabouts and the identity of the assailant. Meanwhile, Gintoki takes on a seemingly unrelated job: the blacksmith Tetsuya requests that Gin recover a strange and powerful sword called the Benizakura which was recently stolen. As the two investigations gradually intersect, the Yorozuya crew find themselves in the midst of a major conspiracy that hinges on the sinister nature of the Benizakura sword. Gintoki resolves to take the fight directly to the enemy headquarters, and together with a few unexpected allies, sets out on one of his most perilous jobs yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Following the destruction of the magical floating device from OVA 1, the Magic Academy falls to earth, but unfortunately lands on and breaks a demon seal, releasing hundreds of ancient demons into the forest around the academy. The teachers are barely keeping the demons away and are desperately searching for the pieces of the floating device, so to earn more magic stones, all of the students from Amelia's class decide to leave the academy (even though they were told not to) to find the missing pieces. (Source: ANN) Takumi Tsuzuki is a high school student who attends the Umenomori Private Academy, free of charge, alongside Fumino Serizawa, a childhood friend of his whom always says the opposite of what she feels. He spends most of his time at school fending off Chise Umenomori, the granddaughter of the board chairman and a pampered princess, who is constantly roping him into her eccentric hobbies. After school, he goes to work at the "Stray Cats" confectionery, a cake shop run by his adoptive older sister, Otome Tsuzuki, until it's time to go to bed. This is the average routine in the day and the life of Takumi. Mayoi Neko Overrun follows another seemingly average day in the life of Takumi. With his sister away from the shop, having gone to save someone else in need of help, Fumino takes it upon herself to wake him up so that he won't be late for their usual walk to school together, giving him a glimpse of her blue and white striped panties in the process. What a nice way to start the day. When Otome returns home, she brings with her a girl named Nozomi Kiriya, whose hair and mannerisms resemble that of a large cat. It turns out that she is a runaway that Otome can't help but take in. Takumi's ordinary days are transformed into splendid chaos as he tries to unravel who this mysterious beauty is and what she's running away from... Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events. After Keita Suminoe's mother passed away, his father promptly remarried, introducing two step-sisters into Keita's life: twins Ako and Riko. But since their fateful first encounter, a surge of incestuous love for their younger brother overcame the girls, beginning a lifelong feud for his heart. Now at the end of his middle school career, Keita studies fervently to be able to attend Ako and Riko's high school. While doing so however, he must resolve his conflicting feelings for his siblings and either reject or succumb to his sisters' intimate advances. Fortunately—or perhaps unfortunately for Keita—his sisters aren't the only women lusting after him, and there's no telling when the allure of temptation will get the better of the boy as well. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Animated Flash shorts based on the light novel series "Haiyore! Nyaruko-san." In these shorts, Nyarlko, an anthropomorphized female version of Nyarlathotep from the Cthulhu Mythos, is constantly being told off by Mahiro, a normal human boy, for all the crazy or stupid things she does. In one of the shorts, Nyarlko is drawing a cover design for a body pillow.  It turns out that the pillow's subject is a half-dressed Mahiro in what appears to be a hot and heavy scene with Nyarlko.  Naturally, Mahiro proceeds to stab Nyarlko in the hand with a fork and threatens to kill her if she releases the pillow design. Other shorts revolve around various gags and occasionally feature Cthuko, an anthropomorphized female version of Cthugha, who's madly in love with Nyarlko. Boku, Otary-man (otaku + salaryman) is a autobiographical manga of the author Yoshitani, who is also working as a system engineer. It's about a slice of life of an office worker, who is a little bit otaku. The 11-year-old Marui triplets could not be any more different. The oldest one, Mitsuba, is sadistic and kind of mature for her age. The middle one, Futaba, is perverted and very athletic and has the strength of a full-grown man. The youngest one, Hitoha, is generally very quiet and gentle but when push comes to shove, she might just be the strongest, the most perverted and the most sadistic out of the three. The three are all in the same class, led by the newly graduated teacher Yabe Satoshi. He usually gets pushed around by the girls and, on occasion, abused but the triplets also try to lead him and the new school nurse, the clumsy Kuriyama Aiko, together. However, Yabe had no intention of dating Aiko and the methods the triplets use to accomplish their goal are highly unorthodox... 2nd year middle school student Tsubomi Hanasaki has just moved with her family to the town of Kibougahana to live with her grandma. She is shy and introverted, but is determined to start off her new school life at Myoudou Academy as confidently as possible. Lately she has been having the same mysterious dream again and again, of Cure Moonlight's defeat at the Great Heart Tree. She wonders what it all means. Then suddenly, two fairies from the dream appear to her, and before she knows it, she is transformed into the legendary Pretty Cure, Cure Blossom! Later joined by her high energy classmate and new friend Erika Kurumi as Cure Marine, the two girls vow work hard to protect everyone's Heart Flowers from the evil gang, The Desert Messengers. Kou Ichinomiya is the son of a wealthy businessman who holds firm belief in his elite status. As such, he is determined to avoid becoming indebted to anyone; but one day, after a run-in with some mischievous kids on Arakawa Bridge, he ends up falling into the river running underneath. Luckily for him, a passerby is there to save him—but now, he owes his life to this stranger! Angered by this, Kou insists on paying her back, but this may just be the worst deal the arrogant businessman has ever made. The stranger—a stoic, tracksuit-wearing homeless girl known only as Nino—lives in a cardboard box under the bridge and wants only one thing: to fall in love. Asking Kou to be her boyfriend, he has no choice but to accept, forcing him to move out of his comfortable home and start a new life under the bridge! [Written by MAL Rewrite] The sixth season begins after the "Baseball World Cup" has ended. Gorou regained his passion for baseball in Japan thanks to his friends, and left to join the Hornets baseball team in preparation to the new season. When he arrives in America he starts to celebrate his role as a Major League pitcher at last! Gorou's family and friends gathers in groups in Japan to watch Gorou's debut in the Major League. However, Gorou's debut is the beginning of a line of surprising happenings, that has an outcome no one expected... As a child, Moritaka Mashiro dreamt of becoming a mangaka, just like his childhood hero and uncle, Tarou Kawaguchi, creator of a popular gag manga. But when tragedy strikes, he gives up on his dream and spends his middle school days studying, aiming to become a salaryman instead. One day, his classmate Akito Takagi, the school's top student and aspiring writer, notices the detailed drawings in Moritaka's notebook. Seeing the vast potential of his artistic talent, Akito approaches Moritaka, proposing that they become mangaka together. After much convincing, Moritaka realizes that if he is able to create a popular manga series, he may be able to get the girl he has a crush on, Miho Azuki, to take part in the anime adaptation as a voice actor. Thus the pair begins creating manga under the pen name Muto Ashirogi, hoping to become the greatest mangaka in Japan, the likes of which no one has ever seen. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Picking up where the original series left off, Ren Mihashi, the ace pitcher of the newly-formed Nishiura High School baseball team, and his teammates face the Sakitama High School team in the next round of the High School Baseball Invitational Tournament as they aim to play in the finals at legendary Hanshin Koushien Stadium. (Source: ANN) Extra Blu-ray/DVD Episode 13 included on vol. 7. In this special episode, Kakeru and the team enter a "Pink Night" instead of red. The "Black Knights" are now "Pink Ero-Rangers" and Lisolette is a bondage driver. The team's powers are also warped with an erotic twist. Kakeru can see through clothes, Yuka can change the boys into girls, Misuzu's swords are vibrators, Kukuri can speak, but only says and draws profanities, Yukiko becomes sexually excited when she takes off her glasses, and Takahisa shoots a small spout of water from his finger. This episode is merely a parody and is in no way related to the original storyline. An OVA that takes place during the manga's middle school storyline. Based on a shounen gag manga by Masuda Kousuke serialised in Monthly Shounen Jump. The great detective Akutabe has an assistant, Rinko Sakuma, who is trying to learn to summon demons. This is the story of her misadventure when she actually manages to summon 2 demons unexpectedly. (Source: ANN) "Sheryl, Nero, Elly, and Cordelia are the most popular students at Holmes Detective Academy, because of the many cases they've solved with their Toys and teamwork. The students and the people of the Detective City Yokohama all look up to the members of "Milky Holmes", as they're called. But on a dark and stormy night, during a battle with their rivals "The Gentlemen Thief Empire", they lose their toys, and their fate undergoes a dramatic change..." (Source: Crunchyroll) Ookami Ryouko is a spunky and, by some accounts, rather manly high school girl. She is tall, speaks in a traditionally masculine way and is very proficient in fighting. Ookami-san's best friend is the small and high-pitched voiced Akai Ringo. Incidentally, the two are rather flat-chested, a fact the Narrator (voiced by Arai "Kuroko" Satomi of Railgun fame) is all too eager to point out. Ookami and Ringo are members of the Otogi Bank, a club in Otogi High School that assists students with their problems in return for their assistance on a different problem at a later date; thus the Otogi Bank is effectively a loan institute for problems where you can take out a loan for a solved problem but you have to repay it sooner or later. The Otogi Bank is able to solve any problem and will go to any lengths to do so, often leading the members to danger or mayhem. Since most of the members of the club are female, another male is needed for the more dangerous assignments. Thus, the scopophobic (the fear of being looked at) Morino Ryoushi is inducted as a member, right after he confesses his love for Ookami... The story takes place at St. Francesca Academy. After the battle between the students ended, they all go to a southern island. The student band "After School Tea Time" (lead guitarist Yui Hirasawa, bassist Mio Akiyama, drummer Ritsu Tanaika, and keyboardist Tsumugi Kotobuki) are ready to graduate and take their band to new heights. But before they can do that, they must recruit new members to ensure the survival of the light music club! Between band practice, club recruitment, and studying, the girls stumble through daily teenager life: concerts, college applications, holidays, and vacations. Along with junior club member Azusa Nakano, the girls of K-On!! are ready to make their senior year of high school a great one! Yamada, first name withheld, is a 15-year-old girl who has just entered Takizawa High School. Easily considered exceptionally beautiful, she has only one problem with her own body, she thinks her vagina looks weird and is very self-conscious about it. Upon entering high school, her dream was to have casual sex with 100 men but therein lies the problem, she believes an experienced partner will tease her about the way her vagina looks or simply the fact that she's a virgin. She stumbles upon the solution in the form of Kosuda Takashi, a fellow virgin, whom she believes will help ease the transition to more experienced partners. There's only one small problem, Yamada doesn't know anything about sex or the ancient art of seduction, meaning her quest to conquer Kosuda will be a difficult one. The gang goes to an indoor swimming pool for some fun in the sun.  As expected, all hell breaks loose when Tomoki goes on one of his perverted missions. Meanwhile, Nymph is having some issues with the loss of her master and considers asking Tomoki to be her replacement master. This episode was not aired on TV because it was deemed too dangerous... The candid shots of Muttsurini's female and male classmates that fund his surveillance habits. Chi meets someone new at the park and tries to befriend him. Tegamibachi specials. Toaru Kagaku no Railgun specials that were released on the 1st and 5th Blu-ray and DVD volumes. The offensive and defensive battles between Nobuo, an office worker, and Chi-Sui Maru, a mosquito. DVD-only episode of Nodame Cantabile Finale, taking place before the first episode of Finale that focuses on Miki Kiyora making it to the final round of a competition in Paris. The third season of Koihime Musou. Han's high court general Kashin (何進) was forced to swallow a cursed pill from Chou Jou. The effect is slowly turning her into a cat, which she dislikes. Chou Jou also made use of the emperor's name to dispose her from the Han court as a traitor. She met Kada during her escape while Kada brought her to the Touka village, whom he believes they would help her. Mai invites Reito to go with her to the beach and also says that she prefers him over Tate. But little does he know, that this is actually part of a plan for revenge. A Kure-nai OVA featuring new character designs closer to the novel/manga. Lupin III aims to steal a Japanese cultural treasure "Jigoku Nyorai Zo," which is found in the recreation facilities of Nazi Germany. However, this valuable object is also targeted by Morgana, a mysterious figure who leads a ninja thief gang. Matsutaka Nanako is a normal university student, who happened to enroll in an Abnormal Physiology seminar. She tries to keep her mental state sound, but other abnormal classmates start to influence her personality... (Source: MU) Kurashita Tsukimi loves jellyfish to the point of obsession, which is why she can’t bear to see a jellyfish being mistreated in a local pet store. When the socially awkward Tsukimi fails to speak up for the jellyfish, a beautiful woman steps in, sparking the beginning of an extremely unlikely friendship. Tsukimi and her nerdy friends (who are also her roommates) are swept off their feet by this newcomer in their lives. She’s everything they’re not: effortlessly stylish, incredibly confident, and a part of a social circle the girls only dream of joining. She might also not be quite what she seems to be… With the help of her new friend Tsukimi becomes confident enough to take on the world, protect her home from destruction, and attempt to achieve her life-long dream of becoming a designer. This little Kuragehime is on her way to becoming a queen. One day, a stone carving bearing an uncanny likeness to Keroro  arrives at Fuyumi's place. To solve this mystery, the Keroro Squad travels to the isolated and mysterious Easter Island. There, they meet harmless spirits known as Mana, and the odd twins Io and Rana. Lastly, there is Akuaku, a legendary evil spirit recently awoken from its long sleep. (Source: AniDB) A Hutch movie. A recap OVA summarizing the ten-year TV series up to the Impel Down arc. An anime-original story written by Ninomiya Tomoko, this is an extra episode that falls between the end of Nodame Cantabile (Finale) and Nodame Cantabile Opera-hen.  It's spring.  Nodame is getting very close to graduating from the Conservatoire and Chiaki is keeping himself busy professionally. A special that features six stories - four animated, and two live-action. The four animated stories and their animators are "Muryou no Denwaki" ("Free Phone") by Pantagraph, "Atarashii Asobi" by Tayuta Mikage, "Kōtta Jikan" by Tetsuro Kodama, and "Gogo no Kyouryuu" by Takashi Katou. The two live-action stories are "My Kokka" ("My Nation") and "Kofuu na Ai." The second collaboration between Kawasaki Frontale and Tentai Senshi Sunred. Keshikasu-kun is an anthropomorphism anime about stationery. The main character is the eraser Keshikasu who aims to be an idol of the stationary world. He fights against other stationary and erases a mechanical pencil or gets crushed by a permanent marker. It's summer vacation. In front of Ginga and Co, who are excited about a Beyblade tournament, Helios, a mysterious youth, stands in their way. In his hands, he possesses "Sol Blaze", a Beyblade that has been passed down since ancient times. As intense battle between Ginga vs. Helios unfolds, extreme weather develops throughout the world. (Source: ANN) Assigned on a mission to capture Mukade, a missing-nin, Naruto Uzumaki sets out for the once glorious historic ruins of "Ouran", where he pursues and corners the rogue ninja. Mukade's goal is revealed to be a dormant leyline within the ruins; he unleashes the power of the leyline, causing a light to envelop Naruto, sending him into the past, 20 years before the series began. When Naruto awakens, he comes into contact with the Fourth Hokage, Minato Namikaze. (Source: Wikipedia) "Hell" is the place where a person is sent to who committed violent crimes when they were alive. Shinigami are forbidden to go there. One day, prisoners revolt and make their escape to Karakura—the real world—where Ichigo and his friends live in. Ichigo and his friends are defeated one after the other by prisoners with overwhelming power. A mysterious man appears who comes to their rescue. With Kokutou leading the way, Ichigo, Rukia, Uryuu, and Renji marche into Hell to save the world. Note: Episode 299 of Bleach serves as a prologue to this movie. (Source: AniDB, edited) Damen is a coined word combining "Dame (failed)" and "Men". It's a collection of short stories about women's experiences with "Damen (failed men like swindler, liar etc.)". Jubei Yagyu, Hanzo Hattori, Yukimura Sanada, Sen Tokugawa, Kanetsugu Naoe, and Matabei Goto. In the alternate world of Hyakka Ryouran: Samurai Girls these are not the legendary samurai of history. They are scantily clad young ladies living in an age where the Tokugawa shogunate remained in power, and all of them have been sent to Buou Academic School in order to hone their battle skills. Muneakira Yagyu, master of the Yagyu dojo, is the only one who has the ability to take these warriors to the next level, making them into master samurai. Once he unlocks the hidden powers of Jubei with a kiss, the rest of the girls will set their sights on attaining that power for themselves. Together with his new group of master samurai, Muneakira will rebel against the school's student council, who have tasked themselves with oppressing students in this hectic world. A true magician can fool even the most astute of eyes and deceive the wisest of minds, and there is no magician more talented at magic alive than Kaito Kuroba. Taught the art of deception and disguise by his late father, Kaito spends his days amazing his classmates with his skillful sleights of hand. But when night falls and the moon is out, he takes his performance to new heights by slipping into the role of the legendary phantom thief dressed in white, Kaito Kid. Magic Kaito chronicles the rebirth of the phantom thief of the night as Kaito takes on his father's old mantle. He'll steal rare and valuable gems right underneath the watchful eye of the police, elude genius detectives with daring escapes, and leave the audience dazzled with his magnificent displays... all while searching for the jewel tied into the mystery of his father's murder and the people responsible for it. Another special to accompany the release of the 14th feature film, The Lost Ship in the Sky. Along with a number of previous episodes, the original episode contained within will take place after the events of the film. Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads. The story centers on a manager named Odakara Kazuhiko who has spent all 33 years of his life without a girlfriend. An encounter with a new employee named Harada makes Odakara realize that he is gay. Ketsuinu is a dog with a butt-like face. The unidentified creature comes out of nowhere and quickly multiplies. In the end, the owners' faces turn into butts... The third Eagle Talon movie. From a bleak future, Shinnosuke Nohara sends a girl named Tamiko on a mission to bring his five-year-old self to that time period right before being captured. Reaching the past, she claims to be Shin-chan's bride and takes him and his friends on a wild adventure to try to save the world to come. (Source: ANN) Sakurai Tomoki has settled into his life with the two angeloids, Ikaros and Nymph, and is enjoying himself immensely.  However, he keeps having weird dreams and asks all of his friends to help him investigate the cause. Nymph conjures up a device that enables people, but not angeloids, to enter other people's dreams.  The device malfunctions at first but eventually they get to what was supposed to be Tomoki's dream but discover that something is very wrong with it. Later, a meteor comes crashing down from the skies at the site of the large cherry blossom tree where Tomoki first discovered Ikaros.  An extremely well endowed blonde angeloid with a huge sword emerges from the meteor and sets off in search of Tomoki! Celty Sturluson is tasked to deliver a suspicious red handbag as part of her courier duties—the problem is: it is being sought by several organizations. As she makes her way through Ikebukuro toward the place the bag is supposed to be brought to, she is chased by mysterious men speaking a foreign language, and her package ends up dragging many of the city's residents into the conflict. Subsequently, famous actor Yuuhei Hanejima has just arrived in Ikebukuro as part of a special TV program, searching for the best couple to give them a chance to appear in one of his movies. However, Yuuhei Hanejima is actually a stage name for Kasuka Heiwajima, Shizuo's younger brother, and when an anonymous internet user threatens to kill the superstar, this user learns the weight of what that relationship means. Moreover, Shizuo discovers that the one responsible for the attempted attack is the meddlesome pest that he loathes with a burning passion. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second season of Marie & Gali. Ginga Hagane and his crew of Bladers are back and ready to take on new challenges. The World Championship beckons, and Ginga is more than prepared, now equipped with a new Beyblade, the Galaxy Pegasus W105R2F. And he will be battling with a tag-partner from the USA, Masamune Kadoya. However, Masamune has also set his eyes on the championship, and plans to defeat Gingka. Masamune may be not the only threat to Ginga's path to victory. The world's top Blader Kyoya was chosen alongside Ginga, Masamune, Tsubasa, and Yu to represent Japan, but instead decides to join the African team. Together with his teammate Benkei, he wishes to take down Ginga and the Japanese team. The stage is now set for one of the most dramatic showdowns in Metal Fight Beyblade: Baku . Ookiku Furikabutte recap OVA where the TV series has been reassembled into two 90 minute episodes. There are twisted tales and twisted tales, but few are as twisted as poor Sado's, who's just realized that he actually likes being made miserable. Of course, knowing that only makes him more miserable, which in turn... well, you get the idea. Desperate to break the circle, Sado volunteers for a special club where he hopes he can work through his issues only to discover that the other members have equally... complex... issues to deal with. For example, the hyper-aggressive club president Isurugi not only has a violent fear of cats, but also believes herself to be a god! Then there's Yuno, who's terrified of men; the Nurse, who forces other people to perform cosplay; and Hayama, Sado's best friend and a compulsive cross-dresser, who's also the girl that Sado is infatuated with. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Two five minute specials based on homonym games. Natsuya receives a mission from Professor Hastings to protect Pokémon and destroy the Pokémon Nappers, who poach and control wild Pokémon. An OVA based on the Hoshi no Umi arc of the manga spanning chapters 26-34. This arc focuses on Rin Azuma, a Jiang-Shi yokai resident of Sakurashin adjusting to her new life in the city and working for a ramen shop. One day her former friend Zakuro Kurumaki invades Sakurashin to capture Rin and convince her to join her in destroying the city with the other yokai hunters as well as Enjin Hiizumi, the main antagonist of the series. Akina Hiizumi and the other members of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office take action to save Rin, 'tune' the yokai controlling Zakuro and protect the city. (Source: ANN) DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou. The third and fourth seasons of the Hetalia Axis Powers anime. A continuation of the first 2 seasons under a new name, still adapting the online webcomics drawn by Himaruya Hidekaz. Based on a popular web-released manga series by Hidekazu Himaruya, this has been described as a "cynical gag" story set in Europe in the years between WW1 and WW2 (1915-1939), using exaggerated caricatures of the different nationalities as portrayed by a gaggle of bishōnen. For example, the Italia Veneziano character is into pasta and women. The Deutsche (German) bishi loves potatoes and sausages, and Nippon is an otaku boy. Installments of the manga have jumped back and forth in setting from the ancient times to modern-day geopolitics. The manga's title comes the Japanese words for "useless" (hetare) and Italy (Italia). (Source: ANI) Ikkitousen: Xtreme Xecutor Blu-ray and DVD specials. Keima Katsuragi, known online as the legendary "God of Conquest," can conquer any girl's heart—in dating sim games, at least. In reality, he opts for the two-dimensional world of gaming over real life because he is an unhealthily obsessed otaku of galge games (a type of Japanese video game centered on interactions with attractive girls). When he arrogantly accepts an anonymous offer to prove his supremacy at dating sim games, Keima is misled into aiding a naïve and impish demon from hell named Elucia "Elsie" de Lute Ima with her mission: retrieving runaway evil spirits who have escaped from hell and scattered themselves throughout the human world. Keima discovers that the only way to capture these spirits is to conquer what he hates the most: the unpredictable hearts of three-dimensional girls! Shackled to Elsie via a deadly collar, Keima now has his title of "God of Conquest" put to the ultimate test as he is forced to navigate through the hearts of a multitude of real-life girls. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An internet-only stand-alone special episode of Katekyo Hitman Reborn! on the Shounen-Jump website, where the main characters go to various tourist spots in Japan. It will be made available on DVD in July 2010, and extra scenes will be included. Fortune Arterial's story revolves around the male protagonist Kohei Hasekura, who transfers into a prestigious public school in the style of an English six-year school encompassing junior-high and high school students. The school is on an island named Tamatsu Island off-shore from mainland Japan, and the only way to get there is by boat. Soon after transferring, he discovers that one of the student in the class next door to his, Sendo Erika, is in fact a type of vampire. (Source: Wikipedia) The continuation of Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou with a new title.  Episode numbers continue from 51. From the depth of the seas rises an evil monster, bent on taking over the human world: Ika Musume. She's ruthless. She's menacing. She's... an adorably non-threatening little girl who makes an awesome squid-ink spaghetti? Ika Musume has come out of her home in the ocean on a quest to punish humanity for polluting her waters. With squid tentacles for hair and some pretty useful ink-spitting skills, Ika Musume is sure she'll have no trouble invading Earth. What she didn't account for were the Aizawa sisters, rough and tumble Eiko and deceptively mellow Chizuru, who immediately bully her into working as a waitress in their seafood restaurant by the shore. Ika Musume decides to take this chance to learn more about the human world, having silly adventures, meeting lots of strange characters, and never once letting world domination out of her sights. Will Ika Musume be able to exact her revenge on the human race that had wronged her? Or will she learn to enjoy the company of these foolish air-breathers and let bygones be bygones? Mayoi Neko Overrun! Extra. In this entirely new story produced specifically for the DVD, Conan leads a group of young detectives against the phantom thief Kaitou Kid, who has his eyes set on a jewel at a hotel on an isolated island. (Source: ANN) The Digital World is in a state of war, with the evil Bagra Army attempting to collect fragments of the Code Crown. Whoever manages to collect all 108 fragments will become king of the Digital World. An evil group of Digimon, known as the Bagra Army, are determined to get their hands on the Code Crown. Digimon Xros Wars features Taiki Kudou, a soccer-loving middle schooler who will always go out of his way to help people in need. When out with his friends Akari Hinomoto and Zenjirou Tsurugi one day, he hears a voice calling out for help. Investigating the situation, he meets a Digimon named Shoutmon who has been severely wounded in a nearby alley. Using the power of a strange device called a Xros Loader, Taiki manages to save Shoutmon's life, but is pulled into the Digital World alongside Akari and Zenjirou. Determined not to let the evil Bagra have their way, Taiki and his friends join with Shoutmon and other local Digimon to form their own army known as Xros Heart. Now Xros Heart must fight their way across the Digital World to collect Code Crown fragments and defeat the Bagra Army, but Taiki and his friends are not the only humans caught up in this war of monsters… Once upon a time, there lived an old man and his wife in a mountain. One night, he found a bunch of mice heading to somewhere. He followed them and saw the mice playing Sumo. The man and his wife happened to know the mice living in their house always lose the matches, and they gave them some foods to support the team. Tetsuhiro Morinaga is in love with his upperclassman Souichi Tatsumi. He even manages to confess his love. Too bad it turns out that Tatsumi is an aggressive, self-centered, and outspoken homophobe. Yet somehow Tetsuhiro managed to fall in love with Tatsumi, the “walking personality disorder,” who is the kind of man who declares that all gay men should be wiped off the face of the planet. An unfortunate accident with an aphrodisiac drug brings the two men physically together against Souichi’s will. The experience has a life-changing effect on both men. But will it ultimately bring them closer, or drive them apart? DVD/BD extra. Prior to the events of the anime, three factions—the Garan Army, the Kiba Army, and the Aira Army, battle for total dominance of Machine Island. The island is basically a prison, isolated from the rest of the world. The island contains a vast amount of resources, allowing the three factions to create an infinite supply of giant robots for their respective armies. The world government learns that the island's power reactor has become unstable and will explode within 66 hours, destroying all of life and Earth itself. The government sends the Death Caprice squad, composed of mercenaries Ken Kaido and Ryo Magami to solve the issue, along with their giant robot Mazinkaiser, but was that a good idea? Tsuda Takatoshi is about to begin his first year in Ousai Academy.  His decision to enter Ousai was based upon it being close to his home and he paid no heed to the fact he'd be among the first boys to enter the recently gender-integrated school. On his first trip to school, Takatoshi is surrounded by girls; the train has nothing but girls, the walk to school has nothing but girls and once he finally arrives he is approached by a group of girls and summarily appointed vice-president of the student council and, as expected, he is the only boy there. Now Takatoshi finds himself surrounded by crazy girls who do nothing but horrify him with their candid conversations about feminine hygiene products and, what's worse, assume he's the worst kind of man, the kind who doesn't clean himself and watches porn all day long. Two years ago, Tachibana Junichi got his heart broken by a girl who didn't show up for a date on Christmas Eve.  Now a second year student in high school, Junichi spends his days inside his closet planetarium, going to school and hanging out with his friends Tanamachi Kaoru and Umehara Masayoshi. After a chance encounter with one of the most beautiful girls in school, the third year student Morishima Haruka, Junichi finds himself spending time with her, carrying books for her or having her unexpectedly jump on his back and act as she's a jockey and he's her horse.  Soon enough, Junichi becomes romantically interested in Haruka which leads to... Amagami SS is based on a PS2 dating game featuring six different girls. The story of the anime will be arranged in an omnibus format, with each heroine getting her own version of the story animated. Each heroine will sing her own version of the ending theme song. The story of two girls on a war-torn planet known as "Walpurgis." Episode 0 of SOS TV Walpurgis Night Fever, introducing the characters and the world. Hotori Arashiyama loves mysteries, but there's one she just can't solve: why does the solution to one problem inevitably seem to lead to another? Like how when Hotori has to start working at the Seaside Maid Cafe after school to pay off a debt and her friend Toshiko fortunately knows exactly how a Maid Cafe should be run. Which is fortunate since Hotori has no clue. Except that, unfortunately, Toshiko has no interest in working at the cafe—until she discovers that Hotori's childhood friend Hiroyuki is a regular. Which SEEMS fortunate. Except that Hotori doesn't know that, while Toshiko likes Hiroyuki, Hiroyuki secretly likes Hotori, while Hotori secretly has a crush on... No, no more spoilers! But if that's not enough drama, there's work, angst with a certain math teacher, table tennis between her classmates, her younger brother versus the school's bad girl... And yet, even though everything seems like it's going to crash at any moment, somehow Hotori's life keeps going hilariously forward. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Set over 20 years prior to the main One Piece story, this limited release OVA chronicles the confrontation between Gold Lion Shiki and Gold Roger as well as other events around the world around the time of the Pirate King's execution. Kirino Kousaka embodies the ideal student with equally entrancing looks. Her grades are near perfect, and to cover her personal expenses, she works as a professional model alongside her best friend Ayase Aragaki, who abhors liars and all things otaku. But what Ayase doesn't know is that Kirino harbors a deep, entrenched secret that will soon be brought to light. At home one day, Kyousuke, Kirino's perfectly average brother, stumbles upon an erotic game that belongs to none other than his seemingly flawless little sister. With her reputation at stake, Kirino places a gag order on her sibling while simultaneously introducing him to the world of eroge and anime. Through Kirino, Kyousuke encounters the gothic lolita Ruri Gokou and the bespectacled otaku Saori Makishima, thus jump-starting an entirely new lifestyle. But as he becomes more and more involved in his little sister's secret life, it becomes that much harder to keep under wraps. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Madobe Nanami is a computer store employee who instructs customers on how to magically assemble their PCs.  She also shows them some of the features of Windows 7. Panty and Stocking—the Anarchy Sisters—are two nasty-ass angels who got booted from the pearly gates for being foul-mouthed bitches! Now they spend their nights blowing up ghosts in the seedy abyss between Heaven and Earth. Panty likes sex, Stocking likes sweets, their afro-sporting main man Garter Belt has a fetish we can't mention. Together, they're turning the mean streets of Daten City into a buffet of bodily fluids. Ghosts don't stand a chance against their lingerie of mass destruction, and if this debaucherous duo can collect enough Heaven Coins, they just might get their halos back. It's a slim chance in hell, but anything can happen when you're rolling commando, especially with Panty and Stocking! (Source: FUNimation) Kanna Aoyagi never really knew what her older sister Yayoi did for a living, until she turns sixteen. That’s when she finds that not only does Yayoi make erotic games (eroge), but she wants Kanna to become a voice actress for her upcoming production. At first, Kanna refuses. But one guilt trip later, Kanna winds up in the recording booth anyway, learning the ropes of eroge voice acting. How can Kanna, who’s too embarrassed to even say the mildest crude words, become a voice actress for Rated-18 games? To make matters worse, she has to keep her new day job a secret from her high school friends, and must perform in front of her older sister and her sister’s (male!) childhood friend. Soon, Kanna learns that what she lacks in experience, she makes up for with her vivid imagination. As it turns out, she might have what it takes to success after all. Specials that came with the DVDs of Tethe'alla Hen. The characters gather and talk about different things. How they are going to save the day, become the main love interest of the ladies, have increased screen-time, etc... The short follows a college student named Ai-chan as she wanders aimlessly around Kobe. An unusual figure appears to help guide her around the city. (Source: ANN) A 3 minute promotional episode of Nougyou Musume, titled Episode 0. The story centers around Hikari and Hikaru Koshino, two sisters who take care of the paddy they inherited from their parents. Together, the sisters grow rice and hang out with their friends in the local area. (Source: Neregate) The main plot revolves around the Yamata Empire's plan to destroy all the galaxy's negative karma using a massive technological reactor called the Naaga Generator. Unfortunately, negative karma cannot simply be destroyed, it must be atoned for. However the leader of the powerful mystic Buddhist Fuze Clan plans to stop the destruction of the negative karma which will end up creating the nine-headed Naaga and destroy the world if not the whole universe. To help in stopping the creation of the Naaga, the clan summons a Shinto god known as Susano, the Warrior God of Destruction. The powerful, arrogant, and homicidal god faces challenges. These include the Empire and the clan leader's own daughter, the bratty sorceress Seska, who is possessed by the power of the negative Karma and a powerful magic formula. (Source: Wikipedia) A short comedy show about 3 brothers who work out at a gym. Anime about potato characters. A satire gag story about politics for adults. A flash anime featuring Airuu, the helper cats in the original Monster Hunter game. Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events. In their new adventure, Yuuna and Stitch move from their small island Izayoi to the Okinawa main island where Yuuna is supposed to visit a school. A new cast of friends awaits them there as well as a new crisis approaching from space. (Source: AniDB) DVD/BD specials for Yojouhan Shinwa Taikei. The first and the second volume will feature Komaki Manaka and Kusakabe Yuuki, respectively. 22nd Anpanman short movie. Second season of the everyday life of the lady with many cats. Based on a blog by the cat owner. Actress Miki Nakatani (Ringu, Densha Otoko) will take over the series' voice acting duty in second season. KHR: Mr. Rebokku no Ciao Ciao Interview is set of 3 DVD specials in which, Reborn, dressed as host interviews various characters selected by a wheel. Episode #1 Features Reborn as Host, and Tsunayoshi, Gokudera and Xanxus as guests. Episode #2 Features Reborn as Host, and Hibari, Belphegor and Dino as guests. Episode #3 Features Reborn as Host, and, differently than before, four characters which are Byakuran, Mukuro, Squalo and Yamamoto. [Written by Katekyo Hitman Reborn! FC] A "healing story" OVA from director Satou Junichi, the director of Aria and Umi Monogatari. The story takes place in Seto Inland Sea and is about a girl who likes taking pictures. Unaired episodes of Angel Beats! included in the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and DVD, and another included in the Blu-ray Box. Special beach episode bundled with the official visual book. In the dry riverbed of Arakawa River, undefeated elite Ichinomiya Kou (aka Ric) met the lovely homeless girl Nino, a self-declared Venusian. Their awkward love stirs up trouble among the other strange inhabitants of the riverbed. (Source: ANN) As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Ash Ketchum, headed off to the Unova region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Hoenn and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Trip and the region's Professor Juniper, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Cilan, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Straition City Gym Leaders. The story follows the "strongest juvenile delinquent", Oga Tatsumi, a first year in "Ishiyama High" the school for delinquents. One day while sleeping next to a river he sees a man floating down it, he pulls him to shore and the man splits in half revealing a baby boy. This boy is the son of the demon king and he has been chosen as the one to raise it with the baby's demon maid Hilda. The story follows his life with the child and at the delinquent school. (Source: Wikipedia) According to HMV, the DVD & Blu-ray volume 7 of Ookiku Furikabutte ~Natsu no Taikai Hen~ will include an unaired episode 12.5. Director Mizushima posted in his blog that the special was made because they couldn't put the original manga episodes happened between the episode 12 and 13 within the TV series. Summary of the Zettai Karen Children TV series. According to the Kuroshitsuji website, there are 6 OVAs included in the DVD releases. DVD 2: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 1) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 3: Welcome to the Phantomhive's This is meant to be like a simulation game. Elizabeth invites a lady (perhaps the viewer) to join her at a ball held at the Phantomhive mansion. DVD 5: The Making of Kuroshitsuji II This is a Hollywood style documentary with behind the scenes interviews with Sebastian, Ciel, Claude and Alois etc. DVD 6: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 2) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 8: The Tale of William the Shinigami William and Grell have to train new shinigami and reminisce about when they were training partners. DVD 9: The Spider's Intention The life in Trancy household and how those work under Alois is caring for him. Based on a manga by Mitsunaga Yasunori, serialised in Monthly Shounen Sirius. Hiyorimi Hiro moves to a new city to live with his older sister, but dies before he can find her. He then awakens to a new life as a servant of a Princess of the Monster Realm, who just happens to be employing his sister. Monsters soon appear to attack or pester the princess since she is in line for the royal throne, and Hiro must protect her with his life (and repeated deaths). (Soure: ANN) The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite] A year after Lala came to Earth, she is all the more determined to make Rito fall for her, putting all her effort into it, even though she knows that Rito actually loves Haruna. Poor Rito will have to face tough times since Lala's younger twin sisters, Nana and Momo, now live in the same house, along with Rito's reliable sister, Mikan, and Celine. Fun and trouble await with their other friends from school and the many other characters, with Lala's usually catastrophic inventions, Yami's contract to kill Rito and many pending issues from the first season. (Source: AniDB) First episode is based on the 16th volume of the manga. Features Ikki vs. Ringo. Second episode is based on the 23rd/24th volume of the manga. Features Kogarasumaru vs. Sleeping Forest inside Inorganic Net. Extra short anime "Ura-On!!" included in the limited edition of the K-ON!! Blu-ray. Tachikawa Tetsuya is a freshman at a new high school and he wants to become a great archer, like his late grandfather, Fudou. One day, a new transfer student joins his class. In a surprise to everyone, it is a cute girl and not a guy like the rumors were saying... The name is Sasaki Gonzaburou, and... "she"... or maybe "he"... well, this person has some "little" secrets. Short spin-off episodes included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the main series. Six minutes long CGI anime of Moyashimon, bundled with the limited edition of the manga volume 9. It's a quick time jump to the 26th century where a school trip to a rebuilt 21st century city turns into a wild adventure for teenaged Shinichi. While chasing a talking deer that steals his bag, he runs into a strange girl trying to elude even stranger pursuers, and then things get really wild. It's a mad dash through a city of the past as two young people discover a chance at a new future. (Source: The Anime Network) It happened in Japan in the near future. The term "Company" has been joined in the latest salary cyborg, the Afro-kun ☆ mechanism. For most people, wearing glasses is a necessity for clear sight, but for four young girls, their spectacles mean so much more. From a teenage girl wearing her glasses with pride and a top idol who uses hers to disguise herself as a regular person, to a couple whose bent frames bring them closer together, a good pair of glasses can not only open your eyes, but also open your heart. Located far from town, standing on a headland, is Ginga Private Academy. The school buildings are refined and graceful, and waterways wend through the grounds. It is a large facility with 600 students in primary, middle, and high school sections, all studying the performing arts. One spring, a certain boy transfers in... The story follows 12 bear cubs living in a dormitory on the top of a mountain. (Source: AniDB) The stop-motion animated film based on Russia's Cheburashka character. The story of the anime revolves around Hanako, a girl who lives in a supernatural world apart from our own. Hanako appears when schoolchildren are in trouble; she is a benevolent version of an enduring Japanese urban legend about Hanako, a ghost who lives in a toilet at the local school. (Source: ANN) Episode 0 "Kanwanidai (two subepisodes: Sekirei Shindan & Sekirei Yoka)" of Sekirei ~Pure Engagement~ released on the first DVD and BD volume. * An exclusive OVA produced for PAJAMAS SOFT 10th Anniversary-Project Prism Magical: Prism Generations! and included with the professional package of the game. There is a small town on the sea. Raika just enjoys his school life with Ibuki, his old friend, and Yuri, his maid. However, his father is actually a magical girl (?). Also, a group of magical girls come to his school to look for a treasure stone called Mana Prism. Though he doesn't want to wear a girl's costume, he is forced to be a magical girl as well! "Come back, my peaceful life!" To save his school, his battle against the magical girls starts now! (Source: AniDB) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Robin, a boy who likes to invent something alone, decides to make a lot of friends when he has to move from downtown to "Green Village". At the stage of "Green Village" which is set the newest environment system for nature, each episode has a lot of questions about " true ecology" and "true friends" through the activities of Robin and his 100 friends. (Source: Official Website) The story is about the daily life of a piece of bread named Mimi, and some of her friends and family. Based on Shimamori Natsuko's Shokupan Mimi (White Bread Mimi) 4-panel manga. A television anime adaptation of the Tachumaru Zukan project. Tachumaru Zukan re-imagines some of Tatsunoko's most popular anime franchises as a newly evolved species of super-deformed animals known as "Tachuu-rui." These mysterious "Tachumaru" (Tachumals) are "small and cute," but have special fighting moves. (Source: ANN) Special episodes announced at Comic Market 78. The six Blu-ray Disc/DVD volumes for the MM! television anime series will each include one or two new, "somewhat extreme" anime short stories. Naoko-san is an alien from the planet Yuri, who is plotting to conquer the Earth by yurifying it. Misuzu is a junior high girl and is always troubled by Naoko-san, who lives on the roof of her house. They hear rumors that a molester is wandering around in the area, so they decide to investigate. Shorts run during Shueisha's Saki-yomi Jum-Bang! television program starting on November 5, 2010. (Source: AniDB) Random side-stories focusing on Kojuurou "Right Eye of the Dragon" Katakura in chibi form. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Tegamibachi Reverse DVD short extra episodes. Short prologue OVA, bundled with manga volume vol.10. Elsie receives from Dokurou Skull, hell's branch chief of "counter measures", the task to go on earth and capture evil spirits that have escaped from hell. According to Tsutaya Online, the DVD of Gintama: Shinyaku Benizakura-hen will be released on December 15th. A new special will be bundled with the limited edition. It's the running gag of Ben Johnson episode where animation staff reuse the New Years footage; Yorozuya would sit around the kotatsu eating a bowl of tangerines. They discuss elaborate subjects, Shinpachi complains about reusing animation footage, and then Gin-chan always ending the gag with a pointless announcement. Tono to Issho OVA. A 3D theatrical anime adaptation. Two unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray and the DVD. The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB) This Fan Disc gathers two of the most popular episodes and re-edits them to create a single story. These episodes are "Chibitalia" and "America's Storehouse Cleaning". The unaired episode "Ore-sama Nikki" is also included. Ten years have passed. Following an injury that put Gorou's career as a pitcher into a standstill, he prepares to restart his baseball career as a fielder. His family struggles with his decisions, especially his daughter Izumi, who doesn't know enough about her father to understand why he is so absent from their lives. Gorou will stop at nothing until he's in the game once again; everything is now for the sake of the only gift he has to offer his children: Baseball. Crafty Gecko and General Tiger attack the Goat Village with plans to build an amusement park. Even worse, they intend to turn the castle of Wolfie (Grey Wolf) and his wife, Wolnie (Red Wolf) into a public toilet! To save their captured families from the fierce animal gang and robot soldiers, Weslie (Pleasant Goat) and Wolfie must work together to find the legendary statues that protected their ancestors. Can they beat the villains and become friends? (Source: Wikipedia) How do you resolve a conflict between powerful spirits of famous heroes for a prize capable of granting any wish? Wage a war that will cost your blood, sweat, and tears? Too much work—how about a game-show competition instead? Carnival Phantasm takes a number of characters from Type-Moon's original works, and puts them in a variety of light-hearted scenarios which parody their respective series. Watch Lancer suffering due to his low luck stat, or watch the egotistical King of Heroes gladly kneel to a dominatrix King of Knights. Just remember to leave your sanity at the door. Kizuna Todoroki is a young girl who fights using the teachings of the Wadachi Ju-ken school. After winning a big tournament, the day still isn't over for the Kizuna's family. Kizuna's family are visited by a woman journalist for an interview but are interrupted by a new group of challengers. The true end arc of Ore no Imouto. These four episodes branch out after the 11th episode of the main TV series and present an alternative version to the end of the TV series. These episodes contrast with the good end arc of the TV series, which was an original ending written for the anime, and instead closely follows the original story from the light novels. With the serialization of their new manga, "Detective Trap," the writer-artist team, Akito Takagi and Moritaka Mashiro, better known by their pseudonym Ashirogi Muto, are one step closer to becoming world-renowned mangaka. For Mashiro, however, serialization is just the first step. Having promised to marry his childhood sweetheart and aspiring voice actress, Azuki Miho, once his manga gets an anime adaptation, Mashiro must continue his to popularize Ashirogi's work. A tremendously competitive cast of ambitious mangaka—including the wild genius, Eiji Niizuma; the elegant student, Yuriko Aoki, and her older admirer and partner, Takurou Nakai; the lazy prodigy, Kazuya Hiramaru; and the abrasive artist, Shinta Fukuda—both support and compete against Ashirogi Muto in creating the next big hit. As they adjust to their young and seemingly untested new editor, the dynamic duo struggle to maintain their current serialization, secure the top stop in Shounen Jack, and ultimately, achieve an anime adaptation of their manga. With new rivals and friends, Bakuman. 2nd Season continues Takagi and Mashiro's inspiring story of hard work and young love. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Welcome to the Gourmet Age, where happiness is measured by what you eat. In an era in which life revolves around fine cuisine, people will go to great lengths to procure special ingredients which have the power to turn a nice meal into a heavenly delight. However, since these delicious additives usually come from rare, powerful creatures, Gourmet Hunters are called upon to gather them. The International Gourmet Organization has the utmost power in this world, and is responsible for maintaining the balance of the distribution of ingredients worldwide. One day, Chef Komatsu is sent on a mission to locate one of the most renowned Gourmet Hunters in existence, Toriko, and to hire him for a very special job. However, astounded by Toriko's skill and unbelievable passion, what started out as a simple mission gradually grows into a deep friendship. Combine the talents of Gourmet Hunter Toriko, who dreams of creating the ultimate Full Course meal, and Chef Komatsu, who aspires to one day become a Master Chef, and the recipe for success may just be discovered. A Toriko movie, the action in it takes place before the beginning of the TV series. The story follows a kid, Peck, who lives in a village attacked by a Gerold. So, he seeks the help of Toriko. All-new animation offered throughout UNIQLO clothins stores in Japan on January 1, 2011. The DVD contains an exclusive version of Mayonaka Orchestra, by the Japanese rock band Aqua Timez. A limited number of the DVDs was offered as presents to people who bought UNIQLO's Naruto graphic T-shirts online or in their stores. (Source: ANN, edited) A two-episode special. They are designated as Episodes 13 and 14, and the first episode is a direct sequel to the previous series while the second episode is about the trans-sex of Natsuru. Kazuma Hoshino is preparing himself for a new stage of his life as a teenager. Because of his brother Ayumu’s weaker than average health, their parents thought it best for the family to move out from the city to a more rural environment. Now the two brothers are off to the Yorozuyo Inn where they’ll be staying until their parents can settle affairs back in the city and set up their new home. Their arrival to the inn doesn’t go as planned though when they catch the wrong bus, wind up in the middle of nowhere, Ayumu gets his hat stolen by a wild monkey, and Kazuma gets lost in the woods trying to track the animal down. It all leads to a chance encounter with a spirited young girl named Ui, who Kazuma ends up accidentally falling onto and kissing while she tries leading him back to the bus stop. This hardly sits well with Ui’s friend Ibuki who swiftly kicks Kazuma and sends him on his way. Much to Kazuma’s continued horror, his bad luck is perpetuated at the inn thanks to its landlady Senka and her slightly perverted sense of humor, and then finding out that two of his classmates are the girls he embarrassed himself in front of back in the woods! Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi finds Kazuma adapting to his new school, dealing with the multiple women who have entered his life, providing emotional support for his younger brother, and coping with living with his new landlady. However, for some reason, something about this place is bringing whispers of the past into Kazuma's mind. Small flashes back to a more innocent time and a friendship long forgotten. What could this déjà vu mean? Keima Katsuragi, the "God of Conquest," returns to his quest of expelling runaway spirits that have possessed the hearts of women. Still stuck in his contract with the demon Elsie, he must continue to utilize the knowledge he has gained from mastering multitudes of dating simulators and chase out the phantoms that reside within by capturing the hearts of that which he hates most: three-dimensional girls. However, the God of Conquest has his work cut out for him. From exorcising karate practitioners and student teachers to the arrival of Elsie's best friend from Hell, he is up against a wide array of girls that will test his wit and may even take him by surprise. Though he would much rather stick to the world of 2D, he is trapped in lousy reality, and so Keima must trudge forward in his conquest of love. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The tennis comedy centers around the members of a female middle school soft tennis team and the twists and turns that their lives take as they aim for the nationals. (Source: MU) Mayo Chiki! 's main protagonist, Sakamachi Kinjirou, has the worst case of gynophobia known to man. Just one touch from a girl and his nose bleeds almost uncontrollably. His condition is all thanks to his family of female wrestlers who "trained" him a bit too much as a child. Through this tough love, Kinjirou developed a body able to withstand hard blows... as well as an intense fear of the female race. Life with such a handicap is difficult in itself, but after one ominous visit to the school restroom, Kinjirou's semi-peaceful existence shifts into complete chaos. He discovers that the suave Subaru-sama, the bodyguard to the headmaster's daughter Kanade, is actually a girl. In exchange for his silence in the matter, Kanade promises to help him overcome his gynophobia. A cross dressing butler, a high-class twisted beauty, a BL writer wannabe, an aspiring pro-wrestler, and someone who lives with ghosts―these are the kind of girls that Sakamachi Kinjirou must deal with everyday. With such a unique cast of characters, high school life in Mayo Chiki! is sure to bring about a ton of wacky adventures. The Ninjutsu Academy students return from summer break to hear that due to one of Komatsuda's mistakes, all their summer homework was mixed up. As a result Kisanta, who received an assignment meant for a sixth year, has gone missing after trying to sneak into Oomagatoki Castle to steal their lord's fundoshi. A group including Shinbei and Kirimaru is sent to rescue him, but since Oomagatoki is at war with Tasogaredoki Castle it might be a difficult mission. At the same time, Ninjutsu Academy receives a request for support from a village troubled by the war, and Rantarou and the remaining students and teachers head there to help out. On an island, legend has it that monsters have lived there since ancient times. Because of this, the residents have named the island “Monster Island.” In actuality, the monsters living on the island are friendly, but live in fear of humans. A child named Kotake wanders onto the island. A grumpy red ogre named Naki ends up taking care of the child. What strange things might this encounter cause? Shin-chan was living a normal life. That changed when a girl named Lemon asked him to become a secret spy to bring back her villages secret invention. It is the start of Takatoshi Tsuda's second year as the put-upon vice president of the student council and his sister Kotomi is entering school as a first year. New friends and double entendres are made. (Source: ANN) Nichijou primarily focuses on the daily antics of a trio of childhood friends—high school girls Mio Naganohara, Yuuko Aioi and Mai Minakami—whose stories soon intertwine with the young genius Hakase Shinonome, her robot caretaker Nano, and their talking cat Sakamoto. With every passing day, the lives of these six, as well as of the many people around them, experience both the calms of normal life and the insanity of the absurd. Walking to school, being bitten by a talking crow, spending time with friends, and watching the principal suplex a deer: they are all in a day's work in the extraordinary everyday lives of those in Nichijou . [Written by MAL Rewrite] These episodes focus on ecchi and comedy and don't have anything to do with the main story of Freezing. Matsutaka Nanako is a normal university student, who happened to enroll in an Abnormal Physiology seminar. She tries to keep her mental state sound, but other abnormal classmates start to influence her personality... (Source: MU) Katsu Kaizou is a very gullible, 17-year-old high school student and a believer in science fiction, aliens, ghosts, UFOs, conspiracies, etc. He thinks that everything going on around him is the result of some sort of alien plot to take over the world. Each story is pretty much self-contained and is completely bizarre. Kaizou joins the school's science club, makes new friends, and ends up coming in contact with all sorts of strange things like log people, deadly sushi, pee-blades, scary infections, robot invasions, ghosts, living dolls, and more! A heartwarming story about a stray black cat, who was given blood from a vampire. He was taken in by a girl called Misaki and started to live with her. Nyanpire's favorite phrase is "Give me blood nya." Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons. The samurai are a very important part of Japan's history, and to be related to them in any way is probably one of the most inspiring things that a young high school student could hope for. Kawakami City is well-known for having many samurai ancestors among its citizens, and is generally surrounded by an atmosphere of fighting spirit, loyalty, and dedication to work. In Maji de Watashi no Koi Shinasai! , the students of Kawakami Academy use this knowledge on a daily basis, whether they are studying for exams, competing in sports competitions, or making sure that they take very good care of their traditions. Yamato Naoe is one such student, and his six closest friends (three boys and three girls) make up the perfect team for friendship, rivalry, and motivation. However, even samurai have weaknesses. Although the balance and long friendship of their group has been undisturbed for a long time, when two new girls enter the group, things start to get a lot more interesting. Not only must they maintain what they think is the samurai tradition, but they must now also do it with a lot of "distractions." Akutabe is a detective who summons devils to solve the troubles of his clients. One day, a low class devil Azazel Atsushi is summoned by Akutabe and is used harshly by him and his assistant Rinko. According to the official website, the fifth volume of the Blu-ray and the DVD of Onii-chan no Koto nanka Zenzen Suki Janain Dakara ne!! will include an unaired episode. It will be released on July 6th. As a little girl, Fuu Sawatari’s father taught her to love photography. They took pictures everywhere they went. But after he passed away, seeing those photographs only served as a reminder of her loss, so she locked them away to be forgotten. Years later, her brother Kou finds their father’s picture album, and as he flips through its pages, the pictures remind Fuu of all the happy memories of her father that she will carry with her forever. Now, as the shy Fuu enters her first year of high school, she once again takes up her father’s old camera, determined to take wonderful pictures that will bring joy and happiness to others. (Source: Nozomi Entertainment) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. New series of shorts featuring Index-tan. Based on Kyougoku Natsuhiko's Toufu Kozou Sugoroku-douchuu Furidashi novel. (Source: AniDB) THE IDOLM@STER follows 13 girls from the 765 Production Studio, whose sole goals is to become the top idols in the Japanese entertainment industry. Along with the laughs, struggles and tears that are inherently part of this journey, you will cheer for the girls of IDOLM@STER as they climb their way to the top! (Source: Crunchyroll) Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan OVA. An extra episode of Rio: Rainbow Gate! which will be bundled with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and the DVD. One-hour special split into 2 episodes during the airing of Pokemon Best Wishes! featuring the old characters from the Diamond & Pearl series Hikari and Takeshi with their Pokemon. Episode 1 - ヒカリ・新たなる旅立ち! (Hikari, Arata Naru Tabidachi!): Hikari - Setting off on a New Journey! Episode 2 - ニビジム・史上最大の危機! (Nibi Gym, Shijou Saidai no Kiki!): Nibi Gym - The Greatest Crisis Ever! Hideyoshino is an average girl who always seems to find trouble wherever she goes. One day Hideyoshino visits a local shrine to pray in order to pass her upcoming test. However Hideyoshino sees a blue light coming from inside the Shrine and looks inside to find a mysterious person performing a magic spell. Hideyoshino in a stroke of bad luck trips on a small bell and crashes into the shrine prompting the stranger to catch her. However upon catching Hideyoshino the magic spell spirals out of control and sends Hideyoshino back in time to the Sengoku Era. Hideyoshino then encounters Akechi Mitsuhide and Oda Nobunaga.  But unlike what really happened during the era, Hideyoshino realizes that everyone in the world is female.  She then decides to help Oda Nobunaga find the Crimson Armor which is said to allow the person wearing the armor to conquer all of Japan. Haruka Nanami, an aspiring composer from the countryside, longs to write music for her beloved idol, Hayato Ichinose. Determined to accomplish this goal, she enrolls into Saotome Academy, a highly regarded vocational school for the performing arts. Upon her arrival, Haruka soon learns that everyone on staff, including the headmaster, is either an idol, a composer, or a poet. To top it all off, she is surrounded by incredibly talented future idols and composers, and the competition among the students is fierce; with the possibility of recruitment by the Shining Agency upon graduation, the stakes are incredibly high. As she strives to reach her dream at the academy, one fateful night, a series of events lead Haruka to a mysterious man standing in the moonlight, and he seems a bit familiar... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events. The story revolves around Kibayashi, a teacher whose hobby is speaking with the dead and whose special talent is exorcism. She seems to know everything about the other world, yet nothing about our own. (Source: AniDB) The story revolves around Kinoshita Suguri, a nine-year-old third-grade girl who loves animals and making fashion accessories. One day, while Suguri is out buying materials for accessories, she comes across an unusual rock. Thinking it would look cute on a bracelet, she goes to pick up the rock and discovers a creature named Kappy. Kappy happens to be the three-year-old prince of Kapimeshia. (Source: ANN) A new short CGI movie and a short extra anime bundled with the special edition of the game Macross Triangle Frontier . The nefarious Squid Girl is back to continue her self-appointed mission to invade the surface world. Or that's what she would do, if she could just stop getting distracted by squidding movies, reading squidly manga, and making friends as only a squid could make them. Squid Girl must overcome not only danger found at every turn, but her own squidly good nature as well. (Source: ANN) DVD specials for .hack//Quantum. Main girls are being very special creatures and take lessons about the anime. April 6th, 2011—that was the day that 15-year-old You Satou was knocked unconscious while reaching for a half-priced bento, a prepackaged meal sold at the supermarket. By the time he woke up on the ground, all the bento boxes were gone. He left the supermarket hungry and in pain, only for the same thing to happen the next day. You soon learn that, in the world of Ben-To , discounted bentos are sacred and highly-sought after, and in order to get one, you needed to fight your way to the top. These bento brawls are fought by experienced fighters known as “Wolves”, who leave the inexperienced and weak “Dogs” like him lying on the ground in defeat. In a world where the weak are left hungry and only the strong can dine, You must train under the guidance of the silver-haired “Ice Queen”, Sen Yarizui, to become a bento-eating wolf himself. There's a new teacher in town—Spelunker! This unusual man is anything but a typical instructor, giving speeches about traffic safety to the students, reacting strangely to a humidifier, and enjoying lunch— albeit with ample condiment mishaps. With such a bizarre new role model to learn from, Spelunker's students will never be the same! (Source: Anime-Planet) Returning to the Digital World, Taiki and Shoutmon learn that the Bagra Army has taken it over and reformatted the world to have Seven Kingdoms, each ruled by a general. (Source: AniDB) Based on a four-panel manga, Puu-Neko is about "jobless (puu)" cats and Momoyama Momoko, who can talk with them. According to the author, 98% of cats are jobless. The high school students in Kimi to Boku. consider their school life to be anything but exciting. A repetitive journey through classes, arguments, and orientations for future careers that seem way too distant. But with the right group of friends, time can be made to move a little faster. Four high school boys, who have known each other since childhood, hang out together in school every day. There's the handsome twins Yuuki and Yuuta Asaba, the gentle Shun Matsuoka, and the calm class head Kaname Tsukahara. Although they have become used to a lack of excitement in their lives, the addition of a new transfer student, Chizuru Tachibana, who is half German and half Japanese, may add a little more adventure to their routine. With his energetic personality and stories from a distant country, Chizuru may be able to light up the dull atmosphere of the group. The Edo period of Japan gave rise to a clan of warriors with a very specialized, magical skill. The clan was known as the Manyuu, and the skill was the ability to administer a sword strike that could shrink the size of a woman’s breasts. This might not seem like an ability that could exert power over a land, but in Manyuu Hikenchou , large breasts denote status, wealth, fame, and influence. Grave concern has arisen in the Manyuu clan due to the actions of their chosen successor, Chifusa. Disgusted with the breast obsessed society that the Manyuu have created and perpetuated, Chifusa has not only deserted the clan, but also stolen the sacred scroll that details their techniques to growing and severing breasts. Fortunately, Chifusa is not completely alone. Her fellow warrior Kaede is sympathetic to her cause; a sympathy that could place her in considerable danger. Now wanted by the very clan that raised her, Chifusa must defend her life and Kaede’s while seeking to undo the damage their brethren have done to the land. Along the way, Chifusa will discover that she harbors a power that goes far beyond the scope of her training, one that could help shape and change the land that she seeks to bring equality to. A DVD Special of Haiyoru! Nyaruani: Remember My Love(craft-sensei) which is also episode 12 of the series and takes place after the last episode of the anime. Beelzebub specials included in the BD/DVD releases. After a year in grade school without her childhood friends, first year student Akari Akaza is finally reunited with second years Yui Funami and Kyouko Toshinou at their all-girls' middle school. During the duo's first year, Yui and Kyouko formed the "Amusement Club" which occupies the now nonexistent Tea Club's room. Shortly after Akari joins, one of her fellow classmates, Chinatsu Yoshikawa, pays the trio a visit under the impression that they are the Tea Club; it is only once the three girls explain that the Tea Club has been disbanded that they can convince Chinatsu to join the Amusement Club—a group with no purpose other than to provide entertainment for its members. Based on the slice-of-life manga by Namori, Yuru Yuri is an eccentric comedy about a group of girls who spend their spare time drinking tea and fawning over each other, all while completely failing to even notice the supposed main character Akari amongst them. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Extra episodes of Hetalia World Series. Includes: - Hetalia Extra 1: Chatty Nordics - Hetalia Extra 2: Celebrating Halloween - Hetalia Extra 3: Previously in Hetalia - Hetalia Extra 4: Hetalia Fantasia This is a short story about a little girl who dislikes eating her vegetables. The mother of a OL (office lady) sends her an old dresser. The thing is much too big for her small apartment and she doesn't know what to do with it. One night she falls asleep after having a few drinks and wakes up after hearing strange sounds. She sees a child's figure by the table taking some rice crackers... The OL's life with six spirit children begins. The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN) The fourth season of Usavich. Life goes on at the Wagnaria family restaurant as its peculiar employees try to provide a good service despite their individual eccentricities. (Source: ANN) Duel Masters Victory is the 7th season of the Duel Masters Anime series. As shown in Episode 32 of Duel Masters Versus, this storyline follows the events of the Duel Masters: Star Cross manga instead of Cross Shock. It introduces a new protagonist named Katta Kirifuda, the brother of Shobu. He wants to be a dueling champion like his brother Shobu, but in his own way. The series shows the beginning of his dueling adventures with his friends, Bucyake, Yohdel and Benchan. During these adventures he considers Dragon Ryu a fierce duelist as his rival. This series also features the story behind the battle between the races of Hunters and Aliens. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) Another Detective Conan Magic File. Several characters announce the new season. Episode 1 - April Fool Announcement (Hana and Daisuke) Episode 2 - True Announcement (Aoi, Popura, and Souta) The story follows the hapless life of Osamu Fujiyama, 33 years old and NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training). (Source: AniDB) Jealous of Suneo's new robot toy, Nobita asks Doraemon to build him an even better one. Doraemon initially refuses, until Nobita accidentally discovers pieces of a mysterious robot that falls from the sky. After gathering all the robot parts and assembled them together, the giant robot, Zanda Claus, is soon completed. The duo soon learn that the robot is not a mere toy, but a powerful weapon in the fight against the coming Robot Army that is going to attack Earth and enslave the human inhabitants of it. An invasion is near, as a mysterious girl Riruru (リルル, Alternative spelling: Lilulu, Lillele [Doko Demo Doa Scanlations]) shows up, looking for the robot. (Source: Wikipedia) DVD and BD-Box original animation shorts. Episodes 1 and 2 (DVD and BD) are short fairy tales of Cinderella and Snow White from Kurumi's telling, respectively. Episode 3 (BD only) is a stage performance of Romeo and Juliet by Kazehaya and Sawako with Chizuru, Ayane, Ryuu in the backstage and Miura as the announcer. Hato no Oyomesan (Hatoyome) gag manga follows the surreal life of a bride who becomes part of the Hatou family with its strange animals. (Source: AniDB) Based on a four-panel manga, Rinshi!! Ekoda-chan is about a single woman in Tokyo who drifts through relationships and who works at various hostess clubs and the like. (Source: Zigguratbuilder, edited) Shuukan Shimakou is about a life of a Japanese white-collar worker salaryman, Shima Kosaku. Talk about games being called unexpectedly! Hasegawa Subaru joined the basketball club at Nanashiba High, only to have his hopes dashed when the teams' play is suspended after the captain is suspected of having inappropriate feelings for the coach's underage daughter. Blindsided and blocked by bad luck, Subaru expectedly finds an opening for his talent with the hoops when his aunt asks him to take on the task of coaching a young girls' basketball club—a Ro-Kyu-Bu!. But can a superstar wannabe find true satisfaction while playing sixth man to a team of five girls? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) From the light novel series written by Minase Hazuki, comes a story of love, action, and comedy. Yachi Haruaki is a high school boy who is naturally resistant to curses. After his father sends him a mysterious black cube, Haruaki awakes to find a nude girl named Fear standing in his kitchen. She’s the human form of the cursed black cube – and an instrument of torture! Utilizing her special abilities, Fear fights alongside Haruaki to defeat other cursed instruments and their owners. (Source: FUNimation) The OVA Astaroette no Omocha is a three part short story series. In the first story, Lotte and Asuha find themselves searching for details about their school project. In the second bit, is the backstory to how Zelda came to be Lotte's bodyguard. The final of the three, is a flashback of how the queen met Naoya and how they conceived Asuha ten years prior to the events in the anime. (Source: ANN) The story takes place in Tokyo Butei High School, a special school where armed detectives—"Butei"—are trained to use weapons. Kinji Tooyama is a second-year-student who has a special ability, but he keeps it a secret to maintain an ordinary, peaceful life; however, when he gets caught in a bombing on the way to school, he encounters H. Aria Kanzaki, the most powerful S-Rank Butei student in Assault Studies. (Source: ANN) R-15 is about a boy, Taketo Akutagawa, who attends a school for geniuses: Inspiration Academy Private High School. Taketo is a genius novelist and writes erotica. Despite negative perceptions many people have of him, he aims to be at the top of his class and be recognized as the world's greatest writer. (Source: Wikipedia) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Morita Mayu, a high school girl. She is extremely reticent and her silence and habit of looking at people's eyes straightly sometimes cause misunderstanding. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether. But she lives a happy school life with her classmates. 23rd Anpanman short movie. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Diana invites Kogorou and Ran to London, but since Conan cannot travel with his invented name, Ai gives him a temporary antidote, letting him travel as Kudou Shin'ichi. Together with Professor Agasa they are on a plane to London. Back in Japan, Ai now lives with Ayumi. Near their apartment, a suspicious man clothed in black named Kurokawa Youji has been trying to track down and now has found Ai. Shortly after Mitsuhiko notices a picture in a magazine of a foreign actress named Grace Aihara, who looks exactly like Ai, Conan calls, ominously instructing Mitsuhiko to keep Ai away from the Professor's house. And so, Mitsuhiko and Genta go about trying to protect Ai... (Source: foo2) Iroe Genma is a third-year high school student often referred to as "Elder Sister" despite her short height. This troublemaking teenager is the president of her school's Model Club, which is dedicated to building plastic models of various objects and structures, such as cars, boats, and even robots. Joined by her two underclassmen, the violent Hazuki "Okappa" Okamoto and the rational Makina "Makimaki" Sakamaki, the small group aims to carry out their club duties but are often sidetracked by a myriad of distractions. From battles between club members to lessons on how to confess to your crush, these three schoolgirls get caught up in all sorts of wacky, and downright outrageous situations! [Written by MAL Rewrite] When Kodaka Hasegawa finds out that he will be transferring to a new school, he is determined to make a positive impression, and maybe even some friends. However, Kodaka discovers he is out of luck when he immediately gets labeled as a violent delinquent due to his blond hair and intimidating expression. Although a month has passed, Kodaka is still alone thanks to his notorious reputation. However, his life begins to change when he finds fellow loner Yozora Mikazuki talking to her imaginary friend in an empty classroom. After sharing stories of their lonely high school life, Kodaka and Yozora decide to overcome the difficulties of making friends together by starting the Neighbor's Club. Created for people who don't have friends, daily activities involve learning social skills and how to fit in, which will hopefully allow them to make friends. Joined by the eroge-loving Sena Kashiwazaki, and other eccentric outcasts, Kodaka may finally have managed to find people he can call friends, in this club filled with hilarious oddballs. [Written by MAL Rewrite] For the Takakura family, destiny is an ever-spinning wheel, pointing passionately in their direction with equal tides of joy and sorrow before ticking on to the next wishmaker. With their parents gone, twin brothers Kanba and Shouma live alone with their beloved little sister Himari, whose poor health cannot decline any further. On the day Himari is given permission to temporarily leave the hospital, her brothers take her out to the aquarium to celebrate, where the family's supposed fate is brought forth with her sudden collapse. However, when Himari is inexplicably revived by a penguin hat from the aquarium's souvenir shop, the hand of fate continues to tick faithfully forward. With her miraculous recovery, though, comes a cost: there is a new entity within her body, whose condition for keeping her fate at bay sends the boys on a wild goose chase for the mysterious "Penguin Drum." In their search, the boys will have to follow the threads of fate leading from their own shocking past and into the lives of other wishmakers vying for the Penguin Drum, all hoping to land upon their chosen destiny. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Not wanting to lose, Yi-rang orchestrates a collapse in the middle of a relay race even though she's on the verge of giving up her dream of becoming an athlete. At the same time, Soo-min transfers in from Seoul and Cheol-soo, who dreams of becoming a scientist, come into her life. They are all immature but they are in the midst of youthful aspiration. With this warm-hearted animation, Han Hye-jin-I and Ahn Jae-hoon encourage Yi-rang's dreams and portray the fantasy and flutter of adolescence through encounters with good people. Set in the '80s and '90s, an old umbrella and a railroad crossing the downtown in the film is the stuff that reminds us of our lost past, evoking a reminiscence in the audience of that which is vanished. It is a way of evoking the real "dreams" that we have lost in this modern society where a rapid capitalization is progressing. (Source: Hancinema) Seigaku travels to England to play a tournament representing Japan but they are attacked by a group of street tennis players who were banned from playing official tournaments because of their rough play. Note: 10th Anniversary Movie of the Prince of Tennis anime. Extra anime from the DVD/BDs. A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release. One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are: Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Kuroki Eiyuu Zekrom Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Shiroki Eiyuu Reshiram The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram. A web series "Detective Conan vs. Wooo." This web short is an advertisement for the Wooo line of televisions in Japan. It seems that everyone is fighting over the main character Seiryu-kun's genes!! They've even made a competition out of it! However, little do they know of the suspicious plot behind the whole situation. In any case this is a crazy school love comedy adventure! An adventure of an upperclassman and her friend trying to be impregnated! (Source: dlsite) On a hot day of summer vacation, Charlotte's plan to spend time alone with Ichika at his house is somewhat ruined when Cecilia gets the same idea, later followed by Houki, Lingyin and Laura. The next day, Houki helps out at a summer festival being held at her family's shrine and is surprised when Ichika shows up. (Source: Wikipedia) Special episodes from the Blu-rays and DVDs. Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region. A school comedy taking place in Tokyo in 2034. Copihan is a joint project of Gonzo and Kei, the illustrator of the manga version of Copihan who is best known for Hatsune Miku. This sequel will depict the comical adventures of the Airuu (Felyne), a feline monster species in CAPCOM's Monster Hunter game franchise, as they face numerous quests. (Source: ANN) Eli, Chihiro, and Miyako try to form a band but end up looking to Katsuragi for help. In the process they meet Kanon and become friends/ rivals. (Source: ANN) Special episodes from Blu-ray and DVD. Spin-off of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu that has been serialized on Famitsu Comic Clear website since 2010. These specials are included in the Baka to Test Ni! BD/DVD releases. In a school where after school activities are mandatory among all students, Hajime and her friend Sayo come across a new club that they have never seen before. The club is called "The Cultural Activity Preservation Club." The two enter the room to find all kinds of analog jobs and activities, such as handcrafting mats and toothpicks. This is a unique cultural anime mixed with comedy so as not to bore you, this is Double J! (Source: Mangahelpers, edited) To mark the July 2 opening of the Fullmetal Alchemist: The Sacred Star of Milos film, the Pia Eiga Seikatsu website posted an exclusive video "interview" with the stars of the film, Edward and Alphonse Elric (as voiced by Romi Park and Rie Kugimiya, respectively). In keeping with the spirit of Hiromu Arakawa's original manga and the two television anime, the interviewer has trouble early on in figuring out who the "Fullmetal Alchemist" is. (The interview has cameos by the other stars of the anime.) Also includes 3 "Study" sessions with "Professor" Mustang, teaching Winry and Hawkeye about Creta and Milos. Comedy at a kindergarten. Inumaru-kun is a four-year old boy, who runs about the kindergarten naked below the waist. Yamada Tamako is a new nursery teacher and she is struggling with Inumaru's weird behaviour. Tako-chan joins Seibu Railways in 2011, and gets assigned to Tanashi Station. He finally became a railway employee like he always yearned for, but he constantly keeps making blunders, and so all his work seems to be useless. Will the day come when he can stand on his own? (Source: Official Site) The continuation of Penguin no Mondai Max. Hasegawa Kodaka has transferred schools, and he's having a hard time making friends. It doesn't help that his blond hair tends to make people think he's a delinquent. One day, he runs into his bad-tempered solitary classmate Yozora while she's talking animatedly to her imaginary friend Tomo. Realizing that neither of them have any actual friends, they decide that the best way to alter this situation is to form a club and start recruiting. That is how "Rinjinbu", The Neighbours' Club, was formed, a club specifically designed for people who don't have very many friends. As other lonely classmates slowly join their little club, they'll try to learn how to build friendships through cooking together, playing games, and other group activities. But will this group of relationship-challenged misfits really be able to get along? (Source: MU) Second season of Kakko Kawaii Sengen! A special program of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes produced by the staff of the TV series. After some pushing by Irene and her father and a lack of support otherwise, Kokoro stubbornly quits her job as a police detective to become an idol. She soon finds the idol life draining and starts to miss her old detective life. When Henriette notices Sherlock's loneliness without her, she stages a statue theft in order to convince Kokoro to return to the force. (Source: AniDB) According to Kadokawa, an OVA of R-15 will be bundled with the tenth volume of the novel. Episode bundled with the ninth volume of the Itsuka Tenma no Kuro Usagi novel. Includes Mirai's chibi-style dream, body-swapping and a crossover with Densetsu no Yuusha no Densetsu . An unaired scene (C part) from the first episode. Three new 3D Tachikomatic shorts released with the 3D version of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex - Solid State Society on blu-ray and also in a BD-box with all the Tachikoma shorts. A school comedy with violent and blue jokes. Fujiwara Megumi is a beautiful high school girl but has a selfish and violent character. She has a boyfriend named Matsumoto Masamune, but she often goes around with other boys, who end up as victims due to her selfish behavior. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. More about the hapless life of Osamu Fujiyama, 33 years old and NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training). The pilot episode for Tiger & Bunny released on the first DVD & BD volume. Second season of Sekaiichi Hatsukoi. Shortly before the upcoming festival, a year after the end of episode 12, Daigo decides to find a girlfriend to dance with in the festival. Will he be able to do so? Even though studying at a prestigious art school like Yamabuki is hard work, the girls who live at the Hidamari Apartments always manage to squeeze in time for a little fun and exploration. And when they actually get a day off? Watch out world! Yuno, Sae, Hiro, Miyako and new students Nori and Nazuna return to create another masterpiece of life as art, with all new adventures that include swimming, pajama parties, trips to the art museum and even an all-you-can-eat diner courtesy of the landlady! Of course, there’s always a little housework that has to be squeezed in, but with a pinch of resourcefulness and a dash of creativity, even the most onerous of chores can be turned into something magical. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Special episode about Trunks going back to the future and fighting the Androids. Also known as episode 98 of Dragon Ball Kai. Digimon Xros Wars: Toki wo Kakeru Shounen Hunter-tachi takes place one year after the defeat of Bagramon and company. Since then, Taiki Kudou and Yuu Amano have formed a basketball team with Yuu’s classmate, Tagiru Akashi. One day, Tagiru discovers a strange area called the DigiQuartz, a strange and unstable realm that exists between the human and digital worlds. He then realises that children all over the world have obtained Xros Loaders as well as Digimon partners to participate in a competition called the 'Digimon Hunt'. Digimon that wander from the digital world into the DigiQuartz are able to feed off of what negative emotions leak in from the human world. This makes the Digimon stronger at the expense of being extremely violent. As a result, the Digimon Hunters must work to stop these Digimon from wreaking havoc in the human world. Joined by the troublemaking Gumdramon, Tagiru aims to become the top Digimon Hunter, all the while unaware of Taiki and Yuu’s previous Digimon connections. Yet a sinister force lurks with the creation of the DigiQuartz, and the young Hunters will soon realize that the Digimon Hunt is much more than a simple game... Recap episode aired between episodes 19 and 20. Emiri Katou and Kaori Fukuhara, the voice actresses best known for playing the Hiiragi twins in Lucky Star, will headline Ad Lib Anime Kenkyūsho (Ad Lib Anime Laboratory), an experimental anime series which will premiere on the satellite channel BS Fuji on October 15. Katou (as "Chief Researcher No. 001"), Fukuhara ("Chief Researcher No. 002"), and a guest star "researcher" will ad lib each weekly episode's script entirely from scratch. Animators will then take the ad-libbed dialogue and create footage based on them — instead of the castmembers voice-acting to existing scripts and footage, as most anime are made. (Source: ANN) Based on the online mobile phone otome game "Sengoku☆Paradise". The first 3 minutes of the 10 minute spot for Sengoku☆Paradise Kiwami is the anime. The rest of the 7 minutes is of Sengoku☆Paradise Kiwami cast members Daisuke Namikawa and others (first time with Tetsuya Kakihara, second time with Rei Mochizuki) going on missions, plus an informative short. An unaired episode included in the Blu-ray box set. Yuusaku brings an extravagant bento box to share with the class, which makes Ryuuji feel inferior about his own bento making skills. Desperate to beat his bentos, Ryuuji obsessively tries to compete against them to the point where he even brings a rice cooker to school. After Taiga brings him some salty onigiri, Ryuuji realises that the true meaning of bentos is not the taste, but the feelings that are put into it. (Source: Wikipedia) Retitled second part of Puu-Neko. Shuukan Shimakou is about a life of a Japanese white-collar worker salaryman, Shima Kosaku. Preview episode aired online. The second season of Morita-san wa Mukuchi that directly follows the first. Aida Yurume is a ronin student who came to Tokyo to prepare for university entrance exam. But the place was a back district, where the address Tokyo is so ill-fitting. The residents of the apartment are Kawano Sae, a veteran ronin with straight-man character, Tanaka Kumi, an innocent-looking girl and Matsukishi, a young man looking twice as his age. The story depicts their slow and comfortable life of preparing for university. (Source: AniDB) Short episodes included in the Kamisama Dolls Blu-ray and DVD volumes. An non-broadcasted episode and a new episode included in the DVD release for the first season of TV series. The battle continues between Chi-Sui Maru, a mosquito, and Nobuo, a common office worker. Two jewels are the key to the ancient treasure of Yaobikuni. But legend has it that the only person who can find the treasure is one who can walk the path of death. And why is Lupin interested? This is the one treasure his grandfather sought but did not steal. (Source: AniDB) gdgd Fairies is a short animation about a trio of fairies who live in the Forest of Fairies, and whatever trivial and queer subjects they decide to ramble about. Satoshi (Ash)'s Pikachu and friends visit a town with a huge draw bridge, but problems arise when they come across Satoshi's Mijumaru (Oshawott) and Pokabu (Tepig), who have eaten the fruits that wild Gothimu (Gothita) and Darumakka had collected. They head off to collect fruits from the forest across the bridge, but then Nyarth (Meowth) appears and tries to steal the fruits. On top of that, the bridge is raised, blocking their passage. What will Pikachu do? The fight for the fruits begins!! (Source: bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net) Short specials included in the DVDs of the TV series. According to Weekly Shonen Sunday, a new OVA of manga "Major" was announced to be released in December. The World Series chapter, which was skipped in the TV series, will be animated. This OVA will be the final anime of Major. (Source: Scan of WSS) Toei Animation released a new 3D anime short at events starting December 1, 2011. The short run about 12 minutes long and played at stereoscopic 3D theaters at Aichi Prefecture's Lagunasia theme park, Nagasaki Prefecture's Huis Ten Bosch theme park, Kanagawa Prefecture's Yokohama Landmark Tower, and Hiroshima Prefecture's NTT CRED Hall. (Source: ANN) A series of short comedic parodies on Japanese folklore. A DVD-only episode bundled with the special edition Take Moon volume. Caren Ortensia attempts to control the world using money with varying degrees of success, Phantas-Moon receives a movie adaption of her T.V. show, and Shiki is involved in a love plot that spans years. (Source: Wikipedia) Shown at Jump Festa 2012, held in December, 2011. Bardock, Goku's father, who was supposed to have died when Freeza's attack hit him along with the Planet Vegeta, was sent way back in time where the planet was inhabited by strange creatures. There, he meets Freeza's ancestor, a space pirate named Chilled, and fights him to protect the planet. (Source: AniDB) A special feature based on a real-time run of the Fate/Hollow Ataraxia Visual Novel's mini-game, Illya's Castle. The key characters' voice actor/actress' participate in live commentary for the duration of the game. Picture dramas from the DVD/BDs. Picture Dramas from the Blu-ray disks. Episodes: 1 - Let's Just Do It Radio! 2 - Each One's Breakfast 3 - Himea's Guitar Lesson 4 - Each One's Bath Time 5 - Traditional Feeling 6 - Izumi-chan's What If Series Yuru Yuri DVD/BD special. Chinatsu's horrendous and atrocious drawings come to life in a tale about a handsome prince, a hideous girl and true love! (Source: Anime-Planet) Specials that came with the DVDs of Sekai Tougou Hen. 3 specials released with the BD/DVDs. A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site) As the secret society, Eagle Talon, was planning world domination as always, a scream sounded from the kitchen! Instead of dinner, combat chief Yoshida-kun somehow ended up making a black hole! The hero of justice Deluxe Fighter joins the fray for some reason, and they all decide to go to outer space to see a real black hole! What could be awaiting them there? What is the mysterious link between blackholes and mankind? An animated promotional video for the Neo Satomi Hakkenden: Satomi-chanchi no Hachi Danshi light novel series. (Source: AniDB) Promotion video for Kazuma Ootorino's light novel Ryuugajou Nanana no Maizoukin , commissioned by Enterbrain after Ootorino won the 13th Entertainment Awards Grand Prize (Entame Taishou) from the publisher's light novel department. Short episodes included in the Nekogami Yoayorozu Blu-ray and DVD volumes. A special included in the DVD of Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan OVA and the BD-BOX of Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan. Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, The Perfect Evolution features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches. Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, The Perfect Extension features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches. The SD Character Flash Anime is a special addition to the anime series' official website. Each "episode" features a different character, drawn in a super-deformed style, set to a song sung by the character's seiyuu. 3 bonus episodes centering around TV Asahi's female announcers. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Promotional animated videos of Osaka's entertainment and shopping district, Nipponbashi (or colloquially known as Nippombashi) narrated by Nipponbashi's mascot Neon and her sister Hikari-chan. Nipponbashi is the equal of Tokyo's Akihabara. The spring festival is around corner, but Mr. wolf doesn't feel happy at all. Mrs. Wolf is going to have baby, but Mr. Wolf can't catch any sheep. What is more, their castle is torn down making them homeless. Mr. Wolf needs to fight back. In the mean time, a sheep from the moon returns and tells the other sheep the secret of the sugar moon. The sheep go to the moon but are followed by wolfs. They are going to have war on the moon. Filled with different sorts of yummy candies, Moon used to be a paradise for those with a sweet tooth. It's also the residence of the Moon fairy and her magical rabbit. But one day the Lord of Bitterness invades Moon with the intention of making their happy life miserable. The rabbit escapes to Earth and seeks help from Pleasant Goat, who then leads a ragtag group of rescuers - including his nemesis Big Big Wolf - to restore peace on Moon. (Source: YesAsia & China Image Film Festival) Random side stories of Sengoku Basara characters in chibi form. Brook introduces the Thousand Sunny's while Luffy searches for his straw hat. This was a special included in a limited edition DVD that was released in Nissan stores across Japan. The DVD also included the making of One Piece 3D: Straw Hat Chase. Specials aired on Nico Nico Douga and YouTube, later released on BDs/DVDs. Anime about potato characters continues. Follows the story of young employee of a company that produces star-shaped confections. The unusual man views society cynically and does not fit typical Japanese competitive male stereotypes. He has to contend with a variety of coworkers including the flamboyant Kimezou, the company president, and the president's daughter. (Source: ANN) A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals. Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Centers around the unprofitable artist Sam, the unprofitable playwright Borman, and their friend Greg. The one thing they all have in common is that they are poor. The three decide to enter a contest to earn money — but since they cannot afford to mail their entries, they decide to take the long trip to the competition site to bring their entries in person. (Source: ANN) A short special included on the second volume of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ni! Blu-ray/DVD release. Shorts that focus on a female bear's life. Focuses on the odd inmates at a bear prison. "47 Prefecture Dogs" is a short flash animation from a voice over variety TV program in Japan called "SAY! YOU! SAY! ME!" The animation takes Japan's 47 prefectures—or more specifically, the local delicacies or famous landmarks from each of the regions—and gives them a canine makeover. For example, the "Fukuoka-ken" (Fukuoka dog),—Fukuoka of course being home to asianbeat HQ—uses the delicacy "mentaiko" (spicy pollack roe) as the motif for its canine characterization. Each of the characters are played by voice actors that hail from each of the individual prefectures, "Fukuoka-ken" being voiced by Fukuoka's Kana Asumi. Another feature of this anime is the use of regional dialect. All the dogs speak in the dialect of their individual prefectures. So for the Fukuoka dog you hear a lot of "~to" and "~to yo" at the end of sentences; for the Aichi dog it's "~dagane," and for Ehime, "~zonamoshi," etc. (Source: AsianBeat.com, edited) A spinoff chibi flash animation style commercials of Last Exile: Ginyoku no Fam made specifically to promote the DVD/BD release of the main series. Short special bundled with Asobi ni Iku yo! Asobi ni Oide OVA. Fifth Old Master Q animated movie. Chronologically the 13th and 15th of the 1st season included on the DVD release in 2011. 3rd season of Kamiusagi Rope. After the fairies defeated Gunala, the Evil Goddess, another crisis hit the Fairy Castle!! The magical energy of the world has been devoured by the evil wizards. The Rainbow Flower, the source of the magic power, is soon to wither, and this will destroy the world of Fairy Castle. Only finding the legendary Rainbow Heart Stone and letting it recollect all the essential energy can save the world. To solve this biggest crisis in the history of the Fairy Castle, Prince YouLe, Sally, and their new friend XiaoQian, have to go back to the human world and reunite with Maggie and Michelle to fight the evil again. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited) Ace appears to save the day and Stitch decides to help him. Specials included in Kakko Kawaii Sengen! DVDs. Specials included in the Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu: Matsuri BD/DVD volumes featuring alternative endings to the OVA episodes. Special comedy shorts promoting DVD of Robo to Shoujo (Kari) . One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB) Daily live of two larvae. The story takes place on a faraway planet, called "Chuu-Gakusei," where everything is in monochrome. The story follows Tanaka Satou, a junior high school teacher. All his students share the same name of Hiroshi Abe. Both the teacher and students wear a white, skin-tight garment that covers the entire body, including hands, feet and face. A new character, Black Teacher, is introduced and reveals the existence of the Kuro Chuu-Gakusei, an all-black version of the planet. (Source: The Asahi Shimbun) In Brooms Town, every vehicle has a voice and a personality, and they work together with the human residents in a peaceful harmony. The residents are happy and carefree, but once in a while trouble rears its head. Brooms Town can rest easy, though, for at any sign of danger, the Rescue Team is there. Poli the police car, Roy the fire truck, and Amber the ambulance are joined by their friends as they patrol the streets of Brooms Town and help out its citizens. Robocar Poli is aimed at small children, and has a charming cast of characters composed of rescue vehicles that can transform into humanoid robots. Aimed at teaching children about safety rules, every episode has a moral to be learned. Poli and his friends are here to teach everything from road safety to the value of friendship and teamwork. Specials included on Peeping Life: The Perfect Extension OVA, these were not considered a part of the normal episode count of the OVA. Both episodes follow Otaku-kun as he reviews Hoshi wo Ou Kodomo and Planzet. In honor of Peeping Life's broadcast on TV Asahi, a special episode was made featuring Otaku-kun and a female announcer from the TV station. In honor of Peeping Life's broadcast on Kids Station, three CMs were made for the TV channel. Episodes 13 through 16 of Shokupan Mimi included in the DVD release. Fu, a dopey rabbit, is telepathically given the ultimate kung fu power after rescuing Shifu, a martial arts master, from a fatal attack with the promise that he, Fu, would return the martial arts academy tablet to his, Shifu's daughter, Penny. While on his journey to the academy thieves ambush Fu and unbeknownst to him he is rescued by Penny. As they become traveling companions they arrive at the academy only to learn it has been taken over by the evil Slash. As Penny takes Slash on in a kung fu showdown to get back her father's academy Fu will reveal his power and take Slash down while fulfilling his promise. (Source: Official YouTube) YanYan Machiko shorts included with the DVD releases of the original series. The story begins on a rainy night, when a homeless little black cat is brought home by a young girl Luo Xiaobai. She names the cat Luo Xiao Hei. However, Luo Xiao Hei is no ordinary cat: he is a supernatural entity that hosts several small creatures called Heixiu. As Luo Xiao Hei new life soon threatened by the mysterious Diting, who commands three winged wolves. (Source: asiatvforum.com, edited) DVD exclusive episodes, chronologically episode 26-29. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai , a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] As a child, Moritaka Mashiro dreamt of becoming a mangaka, just like his childhood hero and uncle, Tarou Kawaguchi, creator of a popular gag manga. But when tragedy strikes, he gives up on his dream and spends his middle school days studying, aiming to become a salaryman instead. One day, his classmate Akito Takagi, the school's top student and aspiring writer, notices the detailed drawings in Moritaka's notebook. Seeing the vast potential of his artistic talent, Akito approaches Moritaka, proposing that they become mangaka together. After much convincing, Moritaka realizes that if he is able to create a popular manga series, he may be able to get the girl he has a crush on, Miho Azuki, to take part in the anime adaptation as a voice actor. Thus the pair begins creating manga under the pen name Muto Ashirogi, hoping to become the greatest mangaka in Japan, the likes of which no one has ever seen. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Two OVA episodes featuring additional stories. Episode 0: Ritsu and Takano used to date back in high school, but broke up due to a misunderstanding. This is that story. Episode 12.5: Hatori and Chiaki go to visit the latter's family. It's really awkward in many, many ways. Based on a book which introduced the culture of Sock Monkey to Japan. The "Howard Resort Hotel" is an entertainment destination where people gather from around the world to grab huge fortunes. In the casino is a beautiful female dealer named Rio Rollins, known far and wide as the "Goddess of Victory". In order to approach closer to her mother, one of history's greatest dealers, she does battle to gather up the legendary cards called "gates". Those who gather all 13 gate cards are presented with the title MVCD (Most Valuable Casino Dealer), proof that they are a top dealer. Set in a vast resort, an exciting battle begins with rival dealers that'll take your breath away! Throw in some "supreme comedy" and a story that makes you cry when you least expect it, these cute and sexy girls will explode off your screen! With everyone's cheer of "Leave it to Rio!", Lady Luck'll be with you, too! Goofball Yoshii's still leading his crew in Avatar battles against the brainier students in school, but the girls in Class F have grown way less concerned with improving their status on campus. Instead of moving up in the world, the girls are more interested in getting closer to the guys in the gang! Of course, some of the boys are totally oblivious to the romantic intentions of their female friends. That's to be expected in a group of dim-wits and misfits. Nonetheless, the femmes of Class F aren't giving up anytime soon. Because when love is on the line, even the biggest underachievers can find motivation – even if they can't spell it! (Source: Rightstuf) In response to the worsening crime rate, Japan creates Tokyo Butei High, an elite academy where "Butei" or armed detectives hone their deadly skills in hopes of becoming mercenary-like agents of justice. One particular Butei is Kinji Tooyama, an anti-social and curt sophomore dropout who was once a student of the combat-centric Assault Division. Kinji now lives a life of leisure studying logistics in order to cover up his powerful but embarrassing special ability. However, his peaceful days soon come to an end when he becomes the target of the infamous "Butei Killer," and runs into an emotional hurricane and outspoken prodigy of the highest rank, Aria Holmes Kanzaki, who saves Kinji's life and demands that he become her partner after seeing what he is truly capable of. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Not every zombie is the monstrous, brain-eating type. One night while walking home from the convenience store, regular high school boy Ayumu Aikawa is killed by a serial killer, and is just as suddenly brought back to life by a necromancer named Eucliwood Hellscythe. One small caveat: he's now a zombie. Things get even weirder for him when he accidentally steals a magical girl's uniform, and thus her powers! Haruna, the ex-magical girl, orders him to fight evil creatures known as Megalo in her place until they can figure out a way to get her powers back to her. It seems that life is just going to get stranger and stranger for poor Ayumu from here on out in Kore wa Zombie desu ka? . While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot's arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn't study for. Japan engineered an armed powered exoskeleton "Infinite Stratos" (IS) and it became the mainstream of weapons. Since only women can operate IS, women dominate the society over men. Orimura Ichika is a 15-year-old boy and accidentally touches an IS placed in the IS pilot training school. He is found to be the only man who can operate IS and forced to enter the training school. Ichika's busy school life surrounded by girls has begun. A fugitive alchemist with mysterious abilities leads the Elric brothers to a distant valley of slums inhabited by the Milos, a proud people struggling against bureaucratic exploitation. Ed and Al quickly find themselves in the middle of a rising rebellion, as the exiled Milos lash out against their oppressors. At the heart of the conflict is Julia, a young alchemist befriended by Alphonse. She'll stop at nothing to restore the Milos to their former glory—even if that means harnessing the awful power of the mythical Philosopher's Stone. (Source: FUNimation) Ohana Matsumae is an energetic and wild teenager residing in Tokyo with her carefree single mother. Abruptly, her mother decides to run away with her new boyfriend from debt collectors, forcing the young girl to fend for herself—as per her mother’s "rely only on yourself" philosophy—in rural Japan, where her cold grandmother runs a small inn. Driven to adapt to the tranquil lifestyle of the countryside, Ohana experiences and deals with the challenges of working as a maid, as well as meeting and making friends with enthralling people at her new school and the inn. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After the school festival, Kohei and friends head to a small cottage out of town and enjoy themselves after working hard. Extra episode included in Blu-ray and DVD volume 10, entitled "Omake dayo (It's an extra!)". Makoto Niwa meticulously tallies the amount of positive and negative youthful experiences he engages in as if to grade his own life. When his parents go overseas, he moves to a new town to live with his aunt, welcoming the change and ready for a fresh start. However, as ordinary as he had imagined his adolescence to be, he could never have taken the existence of an enigmatic long-lost cousin into account. Upon moving into his aunt's house, he discovers the cousin he never knew about: Erio Touwa. Despite being Makoto's age, she couldn't be more different: Erio chooses to wrap herself in a futon all day rather than to go to school. She even claims to be an alien, and with a speech pattern and personality to back it up, any chance of Makoto's dreamt-of normal life is instantly tossed out the window. As he meets a string of other eccentric girls in town, Makoto must face the possibility of seeing his youth points in the red. However, he might be surprised by how thrilling an abnormal youth can be. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special unaired episode included in the 7th DVD/Blu-ray volume. OVA of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu which was announced to be released before the start of the second series. It's Tokyo in the 1970s, and evil youkai (demons) are attacking the human world. The "Youkai Patrol"—Enma, Princess Yukiko, Kapaeru, and Grandpa Shappo—are sent from hell to exterminate them. (Source: ANN) Second season of Mitsudomoe. Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An OVA of Highschool of the Dead bundled with the 7th manga volume. Komuro and the gang stumble upon a deserted tropical island that looks to be free of zombies. They make use of this wonderful opportunity and dress up in skimpy swimsuits and have lots and lots of fanservice fun. Hallucinogenic substances are involved. Junior High student Nao's brother complex is so strong, it's almost at the point of incest. She's determined to make her brother, High School student Shuusuke, see her as a woman. So determined, that she goes as far as going into his room to throw away all his non-incest related porn. But as she's looking for his porno stash, she finds a photo album... and she's not in any of his childhood pictures. What is going on? (Source: MU) The story centers around Nyarlko, a formless Cthulhu deity who can take on the shape of anyone it wishes, but particularly the shape of a seemingly ordinary silver-haired girl. Mahiro Yasaka is a normal high school student who is chased by aliens one night, until "Nyarlko" saves him. (Source: ANN) OVAs bundled with volumes 42, 43 & 46 of the Aa! Megami-sama! manga. Graduation looms for the founding members of the Light Music Club. With only a few precious weeks of school left, the girls decide to make the most of it and plan a trip abroad. Hawaii, New York, Dubai—many destinations are suggested, but after a little help from the club's precious pet turtle, Ton-chan, London is chosen as the host of their next misadventure! Yui Hirasawa, Mio Akiyama, Tsumugi Kotobuki, Ritsu Tainaka, and Azusa Nakano will visit famous landmarks, perform live music for Londoners, and eat all sorts of delicious food, all while stumbling clumsily from place to place. But the fun won't last forever, as heartfelt songs and goodbyes will be made as their high school days together come to a close. One thing is for certain though: the undeniable friendships these girls have formed is something that will carry on long after the final scene rolls. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Catian Eris is now on a mission to learn about Earth games and how they are played, but she seems to think that bets have to be placed every time. And while some bets are material items, eventually the Catians learn about betting items of clothing... Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Miyamae Kanako, a high school girl, who is allergic to boys, enrolls in an all-girls school, hoping to find a female romantic partner. However, her ideal candidate, Shidou Mariya, turns out to be a mischievous cross-dressing boy, who together with his sarcastic maid Shinouji Matsurika, give Kanako really difficult times. Time passes and Kanako still fantasizes about her ideal female romantic partner(s), to no avail, alas. Living in the same room at the dormitory Mariya and his outspoken maid keep on challenging Kanako's sense of reality on a daily basis. (Source: AniDB) A special episode of K-ON!! released in the ninth volume of Blu-ray and DVD. The girls plan a trip abroad and go to the passport office to apply for passports. The young succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar hates men. She hates them so much, in fact, that she goes out of her way to surround herself with women, and ends up with quite a collection of ladies with quirky personalities. Unfortunately, her duties as a succubus require her to form a harem of men to replenish her magic. Astarotte lives a fairly carefree life, until the World Tree opens a path into another realm and swallows up one of her companions. Luckily, Astarotte's friend returns unharmed, along with a handsome surprise. Naoya Touhara is a man, and a human one at that. He's perfect for becoming Astarotte's first male companion, if she can get over her hatred of men and accept him into her life. Naoya decides to stay in Astarotte's world and help her on her journey into adulthood, under one condition: he wants to bring his daughter Asuha with him. Kaoru is a 17-year-old virgin who has an S&M fetish. He has always dreamt about an SM relationship with his childhood friend Nana, who is looked upon as perfect and is always the target of boys' eyes. Their relationship has somewhat deteriorated through the years, due to them hanging out with different people and because Kaoru is not taking his education too seriously. One day though, Kaoru's mother gives some of his S&M toys to Nana for safekeeping - Nana finds the leather one-piece that Kaoru bought and tries it on but accidentally locks herself in it and doesn't have the key! Kaoru frees her of the one-piece, but then Nana realizes she may like Kaoru's hobby more than she thought and subsequently the two of them start engaging in so-called "breathers". These breathers are intended to relieve Nana of stress, stress originating from her attempts at keeping her grades and her name perfect. Taito has been really sleepy lately, and keeps dreaming of a female vampire who says she has given him her "poison." Sometimes he even thinks he hears her voice when he's awake. But after surviving an accident that should have killed him, Taito's world changes drastically and he realizes that his dreams are more real than he thought. Short episodes included in Blu-ray and DVD release, adapting the side story "Kuragehime Heroes☆", a spin-off manga serialized in Kiss Plus magazine. Supporting characters are featured in short chapters. OVA bundled with the special edition of manga volume 3. Morita Mayu is a high school girl. She is extremely reticent and her silence and habit of looking at people's eyes straightly sometimes cause misunderstanding. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether. Despite this, she lives a happy school life with her classmates. Tooru and Run have been best friends forever, so when Tooru learns that she's managed to get into the same high school as Run, she runs to tell her... only to find Run in a compromising position with yet another girl, Yuko. Needless to say, that makes things a bit awkward at school, with Tooru fending off those who might be interested in Run while Yuko and their other girlfriend, Nagi, have to deal with Run's own penchant for drama. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Movie adaptation of the Sora no Otoshimono manga, based on Kazane Hiyori's arc. In the present day, hundreds of extraterrestrial species walk the Earth. Some are pacifistic, others violent. Some are here for research purposes, others are career criminals. However, humans don't know they are here. Now, one more alien has arrived on Earth. One of the universe's foremost geniuses with a personality that's bound to attract all sorts of trouble. (Source: AniDB) At Kaimei High School, the Living Assistance Club (aka the Sket Brigade) was organized to help students with problems big or small. Most of the time, though, they hang out in their club room, bored, with only a few trivial problems floating in every once in a while. In spite of this, they still throw all their energy into solving these worries. (Source: Crunchyroll) "Mini Ika-Musume" side-story episodes. One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are: Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Kuroki Eiyuu Zekrom Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Shiroki Eiyuu Reshiram The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram. Haneda Takashi has a secret he cannot speak of. To leave his dull school-life, he was supposed to have escaped to another world. However, he is reeled in by certain ties on his heart. One of these is Kobato, his awkward younger sister. The other is Watarai Asuka, his negligent girlfriend. Chitose Shuusuke is a poor freeloader. He passes his days working at various part-time jobs. One day, he has a disastrous first encounter with Tamaizumi Hiyoko. The next time they meet, Shuusuke discovers that they are fellow employees at his part-time job. Narita Hayato sees himself as a "hard-boiled" person. Back-breaking jobs are nothing to him. Hayato shuns normal human contact, but, during the nights, he would get together with delinquents and other denizens of the night. One such night, he meets the cheerful and oblivious Otori Naru. The relationships with these girls will greatly affect these 3 young men. But what, exactly, is the relationship these young men have with each other? (Source: AnimeNFO) Announced in the live program on Niconico douga. The story will be unrelated to the TV series. Fanservice promised. In Sekaiichi Hatsukoi , Onodera Ritsu is a renowned literary editor, and he's so passionate about his career that he doesn't have much time for anything else. Despite his earnestness, he has to deal with the jealousy of his less-successful colleagues on a daily basis. It all becomes too much for him, so he quits and transfers to Marukawa Shoten, where he hopes to continue his career in a friendlier environment. Unfortunately, instead of being placed in the literature department, he ends up in the shoujo manga division. As if things couldn't get any more complicated in his life, his new boss and editor-in-chief, Takano Masamune, is annoying, bossy and works on incredibly tight deadlines. But that's not all: to Ritsu's surprise, he realizes that his new boss is actually his high school love! Ritsu's new workplace is a lot more complicated than he bargained for. Koyama Yuzu is running an antique shop. Mayu, a cat god (nekogami), is living off Yuzu and leads an idle life playing games. Lots of other gods visit Mayu and enjoy merrymaking. (Source: ANN) In Stern Bild City, those with special abilities are called "NEXT," and can use their powers for good or bad. A unique organized group of NEXT appear regularly on Hero TV, where they chase down evildoers to bring limelight to their sponsors and earn Hero Points in the hopes of becoming the next "King of Heroes." Kotetsu T. Kaburagi, known as "Wild Tiger," is a veteran hero whose performance has been dwindling as of late, partially due to his inability to cooperate with other heroes. After a disappointing season in which most of the other heroes far outperformed Tiger, he is paired up with a brand new hero who identifies himself by his real name—Barnaby Brooks Jr. Barnaby, nicknamed "Bunny" by his frivolous new partner, quickly makes it clear that the two could not be more different. Though they mix as well as oil and water, Tiger and Bunny must learn to work together, both for the sake of their careers and to face the looming threats within Stern Bild. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Hayate, Nagi and the gang spend the last days of summer break at Nishizawa's countryside vacation home. But a mysterious spirit has concocted a scheme to separate the butler from his young mistress. (Source: ANN) The story begins with a threat against the Tokyo governor, but Conan's quick thinking prevents any fatalities when a subway tunnel is blown up. Conan learns there may be a connection to a village that was relocated for the construction of a dam, and he races to stop the criminal before the next attack. (Source: ANN) After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. According to Weekly Shonen Jump, 3D movies of One Piece and Toriko were announced to premiere on March 19th, 2011. One Piece 3D is an original story about the missing straw hat of Luffy. With the serialization of their new manga, "Detective Trap," the writer-artist team, Akito Takagi and Moritaka Mashiro, better known by their pseudonym Ashirogi Muto, are one step closer to becoming world-renowned mangaka. For Mashiro, however, serialization is just the first step. Having promised to marry his childhood sweetheart and aspiring voice actress, Azuki Miho, once his manga gets an anime adaptation, Mashiro must continue his to popularize Ashirogi's work. A tremendously competitive cast of ambitious mangaka—including the wild genius, Eiji Niizuma; the elegant student, Yuriko Aoki, and her older admirer and partner, Takurou Nakai; the lazy prodigy, Kazuya Hiramaru; and the abrasive artist, Shinta Fukuda—both support and compete against Ashirogi Muto in creating the next big hit. As they adjust to their young and seemingly untested new editor, the dynamic duo struggle to maintain their current serialization, secure the top stop in Shounen Jack, and ultimately, achieve an anime adaptation of their manga. With new rivals and friends, Bakuman. 2nd Season continues Takagi and Mashiro's inspiring story of hard work and young love. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Welcome to the Gourmet Age, where happiness is measured by what you eat. In an era in which life revolves around fine cuisine, people will go to great lengths to procure special ingredients which have the power to turn a nice meal into a heavenly delight. However, since these delicious additives usually come from rare, powerful creatures, Gourmet Hunters are called upon to gather them. The International Gourmet Organization has the utmost power in this world, and is responsible for maintaining the balance of the distribution of ingredients worldwide. One day, Chef Komatsu is sent on a mission to locate one of the most renowned Gourmet Hunters in existence, Toriko, and to hire him for a very special job. However, astounded by Toriko's skill and unbelievable passion, what started out as a simple mission gradually grows into a deep friendship. Combine the talents of Gourmet Hunter Toriko, who dreams of creating the ultimate Full Course meal, and Chef Komatsu, who aspires to one day become a Master Chef, and the recipe for success may just be discovered. Sequel of Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha The Movie 1st. Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons. A heartwarming story about a cockroach girl who tries to be liked by humans while dodging the insecticide. For years, declining birth rates have forced what's left of the human race to cede more and more territory to other beings who have appeared to take advantage of the emptying ecological niche. Now, only a handful of humans remain among the remnants of civilization and Earth is dominated by fairies —tiny, ten-inch tall creatures of surprising intelligence. But humanity's importance isn't over quite yet, as young Watashi learns as she makes the decision to return to her hometown and assume her grandfather's position as an arbitrator between the races. Unfortunately, the job isn't going to be anywhere near as simple as she expected, and it's going to take a wisdom far beyond her years to achieve her most important mission. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 12,000 years after the events in Genesis Aquarion , humans live on the star Vega under constant threat of trans-dimensional beings called Abductors. These enemies originate from Vega’s sister star Altair and raid Vega for human life. As a countermeasure, an organization known as Neo-DEAVA formed to combat the Abductors. They pilot advanced mecha suits called Aquaria and are strictly separated by gender. Boys and girls are not allowed contact; they are even restrained from fighting on the same battlefield. However, events take a shocking turn when an advanced Abductor mecha suit joins the fray. Two teenagers, Mikono and Amata, are dragged into the conflict. Unknowingly, Amata performs a taboo when he summons an Aquaria and initializes what is called the Forbidden Union between male and female Aquaria. Neo-DEAVA is shocked, and the repercussions of Amata’s actions are much farther reaching than he realizes. How was he able to summon an Aquaria? Where did he learn to form a Forbidden Union? And why was Mikono also able to pilot the mecha suit? Sugisaki Ken, through diligence and academic excellence, had successfully entered the paradise that is the Hekiyou Private Academy's Student Council. There, he boldly embarks on his plan to create his personal harem with the 4 girls who are the other council members, namely: The incredibly youthful president Sakurano Kurimu; The cool and kindly yet super-sadistic secretary Akaba Chizuru; Tomboyish and hot-blooded vice-president Shiina Minatsu; and The ephemerally beautiful yet complicated treasurer Shiina Mafuyu. While every day since then has been non-stop fun, Graduation Day now looms near. Could this spell the end of their carefree days? (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston) A new special episode that was distributed to those who purchase all three Blu-ray box sets of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei series on January 31, 2012. Episode 13 of Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko released on Blu-ray & DVD. Aikawa Ayumu was revived as a zombie by the cute necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. After the zany, madcap adventures in the first season of Is This a Zombie? ended, Ayumu thought his life might finally get back to normal, or as normal as it can be for a zombie. However, destiny has other plans for him. Some guys just can't catch a break. (Source: FUNimation) Spin-off of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu that has been serialized on Famitsu Comic Clear website since 2010. These specials are included in the Baka to Test Ni! BD/DVD releases. Yuuto and Haruka are looking forward to spending time together on a school trip. However, Shina finally works up the nerve to tell Yuuto she has feelings for him. This event drives a wedge between Haruka and Yuuto and forces them to confront how they feel. (Source: ANN) According to the official website, an OVA of Nekogami Yaoyorozu was announced to be released on March 21st 2012. Kasahara Iku and Dojo Atsushi receive an emergency recall in the middle of their date as Japan is rocked by a terror attack. Their new duty is a protection detail assigned to Touma Kurato, an author. Meanwhile, the relationship between Librarians and the Media Purity Committee is also worsening. Ririchiyo Shirakiin is the sheltered daughter of a renowned family. With her petite build and wealthy status, Ririchiyo has been a protected and dependent girl her entire life, but now she has decided to change all that. However, there is just one problem—the young girl has a sharp tongue she can't control, and terrible communication skills. With some help from a childhood friend, Ririchiyo takes up residence in Maison de Ayakashi, a secluded high-security apartment complex that, as the unsociable 15-year-old soon discovers, is home to a host of bizarre individuals. Furthermore, their quirky personalities are not the strangest things about them: each inhabitant of the Maison de Ayakashi, including Ririchiyo, is actually half-human, half-youkai. But Ririchiyo's troubles have only just begun. As a requirement of staying in her new home, she must be accompanied by a Secret Service agent. Ririchiyo's new partner, Soushi Miketsukami, is handsome, quiet... but ridiculously clingy and creepily submissive. With Soushi, her new supernatural neighbors, and the beginning of high school, Ririchiyo definitely seems to have a difficult path ahead of her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Kill Me Baby is the touching story of Yasuna, a normal (?) high school girl, and Sonya, her best friend who happens to be an assassin. Unfortunately, little Sonya's trained assassin instincts often work against her and others in her daily high school life, as Yasuna's often-broken wrist can attest to. She just wanted a hug, but she ended up with a broken neck. Isn't it sad? No, it's hilarious. Not even Yasuna's intense ninja training can prepare her for the exciting adventures in this explosive 4-panel manga adaptation. Segawa Yuta is a freshman of a university. He lost his parents when he was small and was raised by his sister Yuri. Yuta has been living alone since Yuri got married to a middle aged man when Yuta was a junior high student. One day, Yuri visited Yuta's apartment and asked him to take care of her three daughters while Yuri and her husband were on a trip. He unwillingly accepted the job but the plane Yuri took went missing. In order to prevent the daughters from being adopted separately by relatives, Yuta decided to take in all three girls. A life of a strange family in a tiny apartment begins. Madoka Kyouno is an energetic girl who is full of passion. As the proud, and only, member of the Kamogawa Girls' High School Jersey Club, she goes around helping people in need. Madoka's life is turned upside down when she is suddenly asked by a mysterious girl named Lan to pilot a robot. Motivated by her desire to protect the people and city of Kamogawa, Madoka agrees to pilot the resurrected Vox robot to fight against extraterrestrials that have come to attack Earth. (Source: VIZ Media) A continuation of Amagami SS, showing what happens after each girl's respective arc. What if Tsukasa were to run for student council president...? Studying at the Yamabuki Arts High School has been a dream-come-true for Yuno, and she's learned so much already! And not just from her instructors, but from her friends and neighbors who've become her second family and made the Hidamari Apartments such a safe and nurturing home. But as the day of her "big sisters" Sae and Hiro's graduation draws slowly closer, it's time for Yuno to start seriously taking on the same role for Nazuna, Nori and the other budding young artists who've entered Hidemari's protective cocoon. And it's also time to tackle some really challenging artistic assignments. That doesn't mean there won't still be time for fun with Miyako and all the others, but it's definitely time to pencil in her plans for the future. And sometimes that means you have to put the art before the course! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Following the everyday lives of four high school girls: the flighty Run, the reckless Tooru, the timid Yuuko, and the level-headed Nagi. Mountain of Pancakes Kitou-sensei injures her hand during class and has to deal with it while Tooru brings cat Tansan to school with her to meet Yutaka and Miho. Later, the girls decide to get pancakes at a café where Miho happens to be working, facing trouble when Yutaka shows up out of the blue. A Picture of a Wish Yuuko catches a cold so the others pay her a visit and help look after her. Later, the girls get together for the New Year's shrine visit. (Source: Wikipedia) Second season of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes. It takes a lot to reach the top when it comes to tennis. No one knows that better than Ryouma Echizen, a young prodigy tennis player, and his teammates at the Seishun Academy. It was only because they pushed themselves to the limit, spending countless hours preparing for every pulse-pounding match, that they managed to claim victory in the All-Japan National Tournament. New Prince of Tennis begins with Ryouma and his teammates heading to the U-17 Selection training camp, after receiving a special invitation due to their victory in the Nationals. The training camp is renowned for producing strong tennis players, so the boys of Seishun Academy can’t wait to take their game to the next level. However, not everyone is happy to have them among their ranks, and they’ll have to weather the intense training to prove they belong among the best of the up-and-coming players of their generation. Digimon Xros Wars: Toki wo Kakeru Shounen Hunter-tachi takes place one year after the defeat of Bagramon and company. Since then, Taiki Kudou and Yuu Amano have formed a basketball team with Yuu’s classmate, Tagiru Akashi. One day, Tagiru discovers a strange area called the DigiQuartz, a strange and unstable realm that exists between the human and digital worlds. He then realises that children all over the world have obtained Xros Loaders as well as Digimon partners to participate in a competition called the 'Digimon Hunt'. Digimon that wander from the digital world into the DigiQuartz are able to feed off of what negative emotions leak in from the human world. This makes the Digimon stronger at the expense of being extremely violent. As a result, the Digimon Hunters must work to stop these Digimon from wreaking havoc in the human world. Joined by the troublemaking Gumdramon, Tagiru aims to become the top Digimon Hunter, all the while unaware of Taiki and Yuu’s previous Digimon connections. Yet a sinister force lurks with the creation of the DigiQuartz, and the young Hunters will soon realize that the Digimon Hunt is much more than a simple game... While testing out his camera on a bridge one summer night, Kaito Kirishima sees a blue light streaking across the sky, only to be blown off the railing seconds later. Just before succumbing to unconsciousness, a hand reaches down to grab ahold of his own. Dazed and confused, Kaito wakes up the next morning wondering how he ended up back in his own room with no apparent injuries or any recollection of the night before. As he proceeds with his normal school life, Kaito and his friends discuss what to do with his camera, finally deciding to make a film with it over their upcoming summer break. Noticing that Kaito has an interest in the new upperclassmen Ichika Takatsuki, his friend Tetsurou Ishigaki decides to invite her, as well as her friend Remon Yamano, to join them in their movie project. In what becomes one of the most entertaining and exciting summers of their lives, Kaito and his friends find that their time spent together is not just about creating a film, but something much more meaningful that will force them to confront their true feelings and each other. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy who is 180 centimeters tall. Since he has a grown-up looking build but acts his age, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall. Even though she has a childish looking build, Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi. Chihiro Furuya likes zombies. There’s something about the shambling corpses and blood that appeals to him on a visual level, and since childhood he longed to enter into a romantic situation with one. He gets his wish when he encounters Rea Sanka—the daughter of the school director—at the abandoned building he uses in an attempt to resurrect Baabu, the family cat, with a resurrection potion. Hoping to escape her awful home life, Rea consumes the potion and falls to her death, only to come back as a zombie?! Could this possibly be Chihiro's dream come true, or will it be a rude awakening? If Koyomi Araragi thought his life couldn't get any more complicated after meeting Hitagi Senjogahara, Mayoi Hachikuji, and Suruga Kanbaru, he's sorely mistaken. Without any knowledge of how it came to be, Koyomi finds himself in an unknown place as a prisoner. The reason for and answer to his predicament seem to lay in Hitagi's past and the con artist Kaiki Deishuu, but it becomes clear that there's much more to it than that, and it will threaten the well-being of those Koyomi holds dear. The second story arc of Nisemonogatari focuses on Koyomi's sister Tsukihi. When Koyomi meets a pair of enigmatic women who know suspiciously too much about him and his friends, he couldn't have anticipated the ramifications of their presence. Now Tsukihi's life may very well be at risk, and the cause behind it will shake the foundation of everything Koyomi knows about his sisters. High school student Issei Hyoudou is your run-of-the-mill pervert who does nothing productive with his life, peeping on women and dreaming of having his own harem one day. Things seem to be looking up for Issei when a beautiful girl asks him out on a date, although she turns out to be a fallen angel who brutally kills him! However, he gets a second chance at life when beautiful senior student Rias Gremory, who is a top-class devil, revives him as her servant, recruiting Issei into the ranks of the school's Occult Research club. Slowly adjusting to his new life, Issei must train and fight in order to survive in the violent world of angels and devils. Each new adventure leads to many hilarious (and risqué) moments with his new comrades, all the while keeping his new life a secret from his friends and family in High School DxD ! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kakeru and Suguru are brothers who both have a flaming passion for soccer. However, while Suguru becomes a rising star in the Japanese youth soccer system, Kakeru decides to take on a managerial role after struggling on the field. But due to a cruel twist of fate, Kakeru ends up reevaluating the role he has chosen. In hopes of one day being able to enter the World Cup by becoming a member of the national team, Kakeru trains harder than anyone else. He isn’t alone in this quest for glory, though. Kakeru's childhood friend, Nana, is a soccer prodigy of her own, with the wicked nickname “Little Witch”. She is a top-ranked player and is already playing for Nadeshiko Japan, the Japanese women’s national team. Nana's success gives Kakeru the extra push he needs to reach for his goals. Soccer and adolescent fervor combine for an epic, emotional ride. Check it out for yourself in Area no Kishi ! Riding the bus one day, Sakurakouji Sakura looks out the window to see people being burned alive with a blue fire and a boy her age who's unharmed and standing over the people. She comes back to the site the next day and there are no corpses or evidence of any kind of murder, just a small fire. She then goes to class to find there's a new transfer student, Oogami Rei, who looks exactly like the boy she saw before and wears a black glove only on his left hand. Oogami is a Code Breaker, one who "does not exist". He is a seemingly cold-blooded killer who follows the principle of "an eye for an eye", to "use evil against evil". Convinced that killing is not right, Sakurakouji sets out to stop him and penetrate his icy heart. "No matter how many years go by, I'm sure we'll still be laughing together." Twins Yuta and Yuki, Kaname, and Shun have been childhood friends since kindergarten. When transfer student Chizuru joins them, their five man school life becomes all the more lively. Through the changing seasons, the boys will find laughter, surprises, love, and new encounters waiting for them. The second season of the boys growing a little every day of their invaluable daily lives is about to begin! (Source: Crunchyroll) Medaka Kurokami is, in the truest sense of the word, perfect. Beautiful, intelligent, and athletic, Medaka's dream is to make others happy. So when she runs for Student Council President of the prestigious Hakoniwa Academy, winning the election with 98% of the votes is only to be expected. The very first thing the boisterous new president does is set up the "Medaka Box," a suggestion box allowing students to submit any kind of request for assistance. Together with the cynical Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, her childhood friend who has been strong-armed into helping, Medaka fulfills these requests at a ridiculous rate. For every job completed, she adds flowers to the student council room, with the aim of filling the entire school. However, the two are about to find out that helping others may be a lot harder than they think as they begin to uncover a devastating plan centering on the academy and even Medaka herself! [Written by MAL Rewrite] A story about the humorous misadventures of Akabane Aya, an arrogant high school girl who's constantly trying to outdo her classmates in everything (especially sex appeal), only to make a fool of herself in the process. Since the story takes place in an all-girls school, expect lots of yuri fanservice innuendos without much seriousness. Teikou Junior High School's basketball team is crowned champion three years in a row thanks to five outstanding players who, with their breathtaking and unique skills, leave opponents in despair and fans in admiration. However, after graduating, these teammates, known as "The Generation of Miracles," go their separate ways and now consider each other as rivals. At Seirin High School, two newly recruited freshmen prove that they are not ordinary basketball players: Taiga Kagami, a promising player returning from the US, and Tetsuya Kuroko, a seemingly ordinary student whose lack of presence allows him to move around unnoticed. Although Kuroko is neither athletic nor able to score any points, he was a member of Teikou's basketball team, where he played as the "Phantom Sixth Man," who easily passed the ball and assisted his teammates. Kuroko no Basket follows the journey of Seirin's players as they attempt to become the best Japanese high school team by winning the Interhigh Championship. To reach their goal, they have to cross pathways with several powerful teams, some of which have one of the five players with godlike abilities, whom Kuroko and Taiga make a pact to defeat. [Written by MAL Rewrite] According to Amazon Japan, a two-volume OVA series "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" was announced.  "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" is an RPG game on PlayStaion Portable released in 2011. Mahiro Yasaka is just an ordinary high school student, until one day he is suddenly attacked by a dangerous monster. Just when everything seems to be lost, he is saved by a silver-haired girl named Nyaruko, who claims to be the shape-shifting deity Nyarlathotep from horror author H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, sent by the Space Defense Agency to Earth. She explains to Mahiro that the creature chasing him was an alien called Nightgaunt, who had planned on abducting and selling him as a slave. After rescuing him from the alien, the Lovecraftian deity falls madly in love with Mahiro and forces herself into his household, much to his chagrin. Moreover, they are soon joined by two others from the fictional universe: Cthuko, a girl obsessed with Nyaruko, and Hasuta, a young boy easily mistaken for a beautiful female. Together, the three eccentric aliens protect Mahiro from the various extraterrestrial dangers that threaten both his and Earth's well-being, all the while making his life a living hell. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes. OVAs of History's Strongest Disciple Kenichi bundled with volumes 46, 47, 49, 53, 54, 55, & 56 of the manga. Roaming the halls of the all-boys Sanada North High School are three close comrades: the eccentric ringleader with a hyperactive imagination Hidenori, the passionate Yoshitake, and the rational and prudent Tadakuni. Their lives are filled with giant robots, true love, and intense drama... in their colorful imaginations, at least. In reality, they are just an everyday trio of ordinary guys trying to pass the time, but who said everyday life couldn't be interesting? Whether it's an intricate RPG reenactment or an unexpected romantic encounter on the riverbank at sunset, Danshi Koukousei no Nichijou is rife with bizarre yet hilariously relatable situations that are anything but mundane. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When five students at Yamaboshi Academy realize that there are no clubs where they fit in, they band together to form the Student Cultural Society, or "StuCS" for short. The club consists of: Taichi Yaegashi, a hardcore wrestling fan; Iori Nagase, an indecisive optimist; Himeko Inaba, a calm computer genius; Yui Kiriyama, a petite karate practitioner; and Yoshifumi Aoki, the class clown. One day, Aoki and Yui experience a strange incident when, without warning, they switch bodies for a short period of time. As this supernatural phenomenon continues to occur randomly amongst the five friends, they begin to realize that it is not just fun and games. Now forced to become closer than ever, they soon discover each other's hidden secrets and emotional scars, which could end up tearing the StuCS and their friendship apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An unaired episode included with the volume 9 Blu-ray. The historical romantic comedy follows 17-year-old high schooler Sagara Yoshiharu who one day time-travels to the Sengoku period, where all the major Samurai lords are cute girls. Yoshiharu meets Oda Nobuna, the female counterpart of Oda Nobunaga, and begins to serve her as a substitute of Kinoshita Tokichiro, who was killed. Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN) The first of two Tiger and Bunny movies, based on the first two episodes of the TV series with additional new scenes. Moe Sato is a young lady who finds a cat and starts taking care of him. Named Poyo due to his round shape, he quickly becomes a dear member of the Sato family. (Source: ANN) The film revolves around a mysterious girl named Éclair who appears before Fairy Tail, the world's most notorious wizard's guild. She lost all of her memories, except for the imperative that she must deliver two Phoenix Stones somewhere. The stones may spell the collapse of the magical world, and Natsu, Lucy, and the rest of the Fairy Tail guild are caught up in the intrigue. (Source: ANN) After an interaction with J-League professional players, Conan and co watches the big match between Tokyo Spirits and Gamba Osaka, only to find out that a bomb has been planted in the stadium. It is now up to Conan once again to foil the culprit's plans and reveal his/her true identity. (Source: ANN) Yurume, an 18-year-old "ronin" and recent high school graduate, has high hopes of being accepted and attending Tokyo University. She moves into an apartment complex, the Maison du Wish, located on the outskirts of Tokyo where other ronins living there are studying for upcoming college acceptance exams. Several months have passed since Lan and Muginami left Earth. Now in her final year of high school, Madoka spends most of her days thinking about her friends, when Lan suddenly returns to Kamogawa City. (Source: VIZ Media) Tsumiki Miniwa, a small girl who packs a punch, is in love with her best friend, tall and easygoing Io Otonashi. The only problem is that she can't bring herself to come out and say it. And, despite the fact that he can otherwise read her like a book, Io doesn't seem to be able to pick up the obvious clues—even with all of their friends teasing that there's no one better suited for each other. Acchi Kocchi follows Tsumiki and her circle of friends as they go through their day-to-day lives. Between Mayoi the electronics nerd, Sakaki the good-natured prankster, and the nosebleed-prone Hime, Tsumiki's friends will never let her live down her crush. But only time will tell if Tsumiki will gain the courage to finally say how she truly feels. Some people suddenly find religion, but for 16-year-old Kusanagi Godou, it's that REALLY old time religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, Godou's stuck with the unwanted position of Campione!, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Heretical Gods whenever they try to muscle in on the local turf. Not only is this likely to make Godou roadkill on the Highway to Heaven, it's also a job that comes with a lot of other problems. Like how to deal with the fact that his "enhanced status" is attracting a bevy of overly-worshippy female followers. After all, they're just there to aid him in his demi-godly duties, right? So why is it that their leader, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Blandelli, seems to have such a devilish interest in encouraging some VERY unorthodox activities? Get ready for immortal affairs, heavenly harems and lots of dueling deities taking pious in the face as the ultimate smash, bash and thrash of the Titans rocks both Heaven and Earth. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Kiss kiss, bang bang! The arms race takes on a startling new development when the arms come with heads, legs and very feminine bodies attached! Yes, at Seishou Academy every girl is literally a lethal weapon, and they're all gunning for the top shot at getting their own personal serviceman! Needless to say, it's going to be difficult for newly recruited human instructor Genkoku to adjust to working with a living arsenal of high caliber cuties with tricky names like FNC (Funko) M 16A4 (Ichiroku) L85A1 (Eru) and SG 550 (Shigu). Especially since many have hair triggers and there's no bulletproof vest that can stop a really determined coed! He'll have to rewrite the operator's manual on student/teacher relationships, and pray that his job description won't include having to field strip and reassemble one of his cadets in the dark. But unfortunately (for him) FNC's already thinking about becoming HIS personal weapon, and she usually gets what she aims for! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The story is a comedy about Lucius, an architect of public bath houses in ancient Rome, who time-travels to various modern-day baths in Japan. The author explores the two cultures in the world "that have loved baths the most: the Japanese and the Romans." Please note that MAL considers this show to be 3 episodes and not 5. See More Info for additional details. (Source: Wikipedia) Onto their third serialization, manga duo Moritaka Mashiro and Akito Takagi—also known by their pen name, Muto Ashirogi—are ever closer to their dream of an anime adaption. However, the real challenge is only just beginning: if they are unable to compete with the artist Eiji Niizuma in the rankings within the span of six months, they will be cancelled. To top it off, numerous rivals are close behind and declaring war. They don't even have enough time to spare thinking about an anime! In Bakuman. 3rd Season , Muto Ashirogi must find a way to stay atop the colossal mountain known as the Shounen Jack rankings. With new problems and new assistants, the pair continue to strive for their dream. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Akari and her friends from the Amusement Club are back for another round of antics! In the second season of Yuru Yuri , the Amusement Club consisting of the polite but often times invisible Akari, her cool headed best friend Yui, the original founder of the club Kyouko, and Chinatsu, who actually wanted to join the Tea Ceremony Club, starts things off with a relaxing trip to a hot spring. From there the girls will have to return to real life and deal with things like studying, coming up with nicknames for each other, Valentine's Day, summer heat, time travel, a school trip to Kyoto, a stage performance during the school's culture festival and much, much more. Who says that after school clubs have to be boring and mundane? On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Naoko-san is an alien from the planet Yuri, who is plotting to conquer the Earth by yurifying it. Misuzu is a junior high girl and is always troubled by Naoko-san, who lives on the roof of her house. The Nohara family is abducted by aliens from an advanced civilization who claim that Himawari is a legendary princess who will save the solar system. Unaware of the consequences, Shinnosuke signs a contract that allows her to be raised in the alien world. This forces him and his parents to go on a desperate quest to bring her back. (Source: ANN) The OVA adaptation Moe Can Change! is created by Frontier Works, based on a free-to-play game developed by Ambition for mobile phones. The original "playful bishoujo Miroid-raising / clothes-changing moe game" has the player joining a beta test program for androids, who the player must raise and dress up as girls. (Source: Animekon) Unaired "Ura Mirai Nikki" anime (the short episodes of Mur Mur inserted at the end of the main episodes) included in the Mirai Nikki Blu-rays. Unaired episode included with the fifth volume of the Blu-ray. The gang goes on a school trip. NEVER make a deal with a wet goddess you've only just met. That's a lesson Ryosuke Kaga learns the hard way when he foolishly agrees to let Lisara Restole use some of his "essence" to stay in this world. Because despite her smoking hot appearance, Lisara's actually a Shinigami, a Goddess of Death. However, she DOESN'T steal years off his life like any decent Shinigami would do. Oh no, instead she sucks him dry of something much more perverse by leeching off his lecherous spirit and draining his ability to enjoy... er... the things that teenage boys normally spend most of their time thinking about! And now that he's been de-debased and de-debauched by her un-dirty trick, the poor regenerated degenerate's only hope of getting his licentiousness renewed is to join the queen of mental-clean on her quest, since when she leaves our mortal plane he regains his normal immorality! But the termination of the probation of his reprobation isn't guaranteed, because Goddesses of Death can be really harsh mistresses and it's going to be anything but easy to go back to being sleazy! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The story revolves around Yuuki Kagami, a boy who enrolls in the academy of his dreams as a honors student — and is mistakenly put in the girls' dormitory where boys are prohibited. Faced with the possibility of having to leave the school, Yuuki has to dress up as a girl in the dormitory. On top of things, he ends up rooming with the female teacher Ayana Kakinozaka, who has to watch over him. The science-fiction adventure story takes place 46 million light years away from Earth in the Sombrero Galaxy on a planet named Milky. The alien boy Kid, who refers to himself as Space's #1 Pilot, uses a Power Crystal to modify his spaceship and travel through dimensions. (Source: ANN) The 15th Pokemon movie and the 2nd 'Best Wishes!' movie. It will feature the legendary Pokemon Kyurem (appearing also in its new Black Kyurem and White Kyurem formes.) The Legendary Musketeer Pokemon-Cobalion, Terrakion and Virizion-will appear alongside their newly revealed 4th member, Keldeo. Unaired episode included in the fifth Blu-ray and fourth DVD volume. An adaptation of a manga written by the author of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei about group of girls who discuss random things and usually reach an unusual or humorous conclusion that's far from the initial discussion topic. In the all-new story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass power for his little sister Nunnally, who loves Alice in Wonderland. Tales of Gekijou is the pre-order bonus for Tales of the Heroes: Twin Brave. It is a series of five short animations produced by Sunrise. Episodes 1 and 2 were aired in BS-TBS's New Year Special. The other 3 episodes will be available in the pre-order bonus via a download code along with the first two. Bonus episodes included with the BD/DVD. The first episode consists of "Miwaku no Farosu" and "Sanshimai OL Terumae Satsujin Jiken." The second episode consists of "Subesube ni Naritai"  and "Hitasura Suberitai." #1: Oppai, Minorimasu! (Episode 13) A rumor is going about the school about how girls are disappearing and coming back ill and with their breast size decreased. #2: Oppai, Motomemasu! (Episode 14) While observing how the others do their jobs so they can do theirs better, Issei and Asia go with Rias to see if a coffin is cursed. During the investigation Issei is possessed by an Egyptian magician named Unas, It just so happens that Unas is just as perverted as Issei. Unas will only leave Issei's body if they can release Unas from the curse placed on him by a devil that Unas tried to make his bride. Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects. Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shakugan no Shana-tan: Final Destruction specials bundled with the limited edition second and sixth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana III (Final) Blu-ray and DVD. The Straw Hat Pirates enter the rough seas of the New World in search of the hidden treasures of the Pirate King, Gol D. Roger－One Piece. On their voyage, the pirates come across a terrifying, powerful man, former Marine Admiral Z. Z is accused of having stolen the "Dyna Stones", weapons believed to have the power to shake up the New World. The Marine Headquarters believes Z is about to use it to end the pirate era, and with it, the lives of many innocent people. In fear of such a phenomenal event, marines start to take action against the former admiral. Even if it means stumbling upon marines and the navy, the Straw Hat Pirates decided to chase after Z and stop him from causing havoc. As they continue to embark on their ventures, the pirates bump into new and familiar acquaintances. The mobile content developer MTI released a series of mobile phone anime shorts inspired by the all-male musical group KAT-TUN. Animated versions of the singers Kamenashi Kazuya, Taguchi Junnosuke, Tanaka Kouki, Ueda Tatsuya, and Nakamaru Yuuichi appear in unintentionally romantic situations with their younger sister. Each of the mobile anime series five 50-second episodes highlights one KAT-TUN performer. (Source: ANN) Yuki Sanada is a socially awkward young man who lives with his grandmother. Due to her job, they must move around a lot. This means Yuki has difficulty forming lasting relationships with his peers, or relationships at all, for that matter. His fear of social interaction is so great that when asked to make a greeting or parting speech in his classes, Yuki often freezes. As if drowning, he blacks out from the present, only able to focus on his certain ridicule. However, Yuki's life changes forever when he moves to Enoshima and meets an odd boy named Haru—who claims to be an alien. Haru wields a questionable water gun and fish bowl, and has a tendency to speak with the beta fish inside it. He immediately latches onto Yuki as a friend, completely disregarding any complaints Yuki might have about this. Haru is like a force of nature, unheeding of other people's resistance to his antics. Together, Haru and Yuki also snowball a fellow classmate and fisherman named Natsuki Usami into Haru’s schemes. What out-of-this-world adventures lie ahead for this unique bunch? Find out in Tsuritama ! The original gag comedy manga follows the humorous yet "realistic" everyday life of Tadakuni, Hidenori, Yoshitake, and other students at a boys' high school. This entry refers to the unaired episodes released on the DVDs and BDs. The pre-air specials were all included in the TV series and are not listed separately on MAL. Episode 1: High School Boys and Ideals Episode 2: High School Boys and Loneliness Episode 3: High School Boys and Zippers Episode 4: High School Boys and Tricks Episode 5: High School Boys and Hiccups Episode 6: High School Boys and Consideration Unaired episodes of the "Morita-san wa Mukuchi" TV series bundled with the 5th manga volume. Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures! (Source: Crunchyroll) Two OVA episodes are bundled as DVDs with each of volumes 6 and 7 of the manga. The first OVA is a prequel story written by the manga's author. Before the beginning of the main story, Rea and Chihiro have already met at a certain place: an outdoor hot-spring bath. The second OVA takes place after the series (effectively episode 14). The Furuya family finds a mysterious young girl hiding under the household temple. "Chibi-style" special included in the last Blu-Ray. In a fictional school, "Tender Tank" Rareko is constantly opening absurd yet strangely enthusiastic debates, this way creating a lively classroom life. Bringing up tremendous themes, she and her classmates exchange words like sword-strokes, and here and there even a profound remark is slipped in. A fun and informative debate comedy, packed into only five minutes each time. (Source: AniDB) Shibainuko-san is a 14-year-old girl who looks exactly like a Shiba Inu dog. One of her classmates, Ishibashi Chako, wonders about her appearance, but no one else thinks it is strange. Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) Buta the sword for hire is recruited by the Tufugu Pirates on their voyage to seek a stockpile of treasure. On board he discovers the child Kitsune locked away below deck. After some misunderstandings and with the promise of more money, the two of them go on their own adventure. (Source: BakaBT) This story involves the shopkeeper Suzuri of Kokumondou who sells historic books and Mizuki, granddaughter of the land owner. When Mizuki releases a somewhat cute young spider demon out of a sealed book, the pair investigate the origins behind it. (Source: BakaBT) Many people are falling prey to a suspicious new religion. Lupin III infiltrates this group, hoping to steal the treasure their leader keeps hidden. There he lays eyes on the beautiful, bewitching woman who has the leader enthralled. This is the story of how fashionable female thief Fujiko Mine first met Lupin III, the greatest thief of his generation. (Source: ANN) The television shorts follow the original anime's Yoshida-kun character as he travels through western Japan's Shimane Prefecture, his birthplace, in the past. Each episode of the Shimane sightseeing guide program introduce one famous place in the prefecture. (Source: ANN) Special releases with the DVDs that takes place before the events of the U-17. Special included with the Lupin 40th anniversary Blu-ray set. Lupin has invited all of his friends to a villa on a private island. It's the first time they've seen each other for the past five years. Lupin is planning a big surprise while they are all at the villa except Fujiko, Goemon and Jigen find Lupin's behavior to be unusual. They are also curious about who the man in the iron mask is, who is chained up to a wall for the reasons they are about to find out. (Source: ANN) Pilot of Lupin sequel to be included with the Lupin 40th anniversary Bluray set. 5 generations after Lupin the 3rd, Lupin the 8th plies his trade in an airship that flies above a futuristic Paris. (Source: ANN) Anime shorts of the 3DS game "Kid Icarus: Uprising", known as "Shin Hikari Shinwa: Palutena no Kagami" in Japan. Episode 1 - Thanatos Rising Animation: Production I.G Director: Junichi Fujisaku Episode 2 - Medusa's Revenge Animation: Studio 4°C Director: Kazuto Nakazawa Episode 3 - Palutena's Revolting Dinner Animation: SHAFT Director: Akiyuki Shinbou Written by Kinoko Nasu, these specials are included in the BD box sets I & II. Join Irisviel as she helps Disciple No. Zero understand more details and history relating to the Holy Grail War. Original anime DVD bundled with the 12th, 14th, and 17th volumes of the manga. A series of 3-5 minute specials that were bundled with the HighSchool DxD DVD and Blu-rays. They are a stand alone set of episodes that are not a part of any story line in particular. Special 1: Going Sunbathing! - The Occult Research Club goes on a beach outing. Special 2: Issei's Private Training! - Issei is being given lessons in magic by Akeno. Special 3: A Little Bold, Koneko-Chan... Nyan! - Koneko accidentally has her personality reversed magically, making her incredibly sexually active and reversing her sexual preference. Special 4: The Untold Story of The Dress Break's Birth! - A few flashbacks of how Issei first found out and eventually perfected his special move, Dress Break. Special 5: Making Udon! - As part of a penalty for losing a bet, Sona and Tsubaki make udon for the Occult Research Club but the udon comes to life in a peculiar way... Special 6: Asia Transforms! - Asia wants to prove she is just as bad as any demon by using ideas found in Issei's magazines, going as far as dressing up like a harlot and seducing him. (Source: Wikipedia) Is insanity hereditary? Shougo Mikadono's beginning to think so, because the terms of his late father's will seem crazy and following them may drive Shougo bonkers as well. Oh, it sounds simple at first: before Shougo can claim his VERY large inheritance, he just has to start attending a certain new school and find a nice girl to marry. It's a little unromantic, but perfectly do-able, right? After all, all the girls seem quite friendly, so all Shougo has to do is find one he has something in common with. EXCEPT, and here's the kicker, it turns out that Shougo has WAY too much in common with one of them, because she's actually his long lost sister! And he has no idea which one she is! Will Shougo meet and court his Miss Right without committing something very morally wrong? Can he find his future bride without slipping into the wrong set of genes? And if his little sister does reveal herself, just how much will be revealed and under what circumstances? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Second season. Unaired episode released with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. It consists of three short episodes newly written by the manga author Fujiwara Cocoa. Fujiwara also designed a new character called Hana-chan for the episode. In the second season the story continues exactly where it left off previously. Professor Itsuki's Fermentation Cellar and laboratory is ready for operation and with Sawaki Tadayasu's unique gift to see and communicate with microbes to help, Itsuki's motley group of students begin to process different fermented products like soy sauce and sake. (Source: ANN) Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, isn't a secret society anymore! In fact, it's a famous society, known by just about every household in Japan there is, because Eagle Talon went nation-wide with golden time on NHK! Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, is going nation-wide by broadcasting a new series through NHK! But that's not all, they're going world-wide with a new series on their homepage as well! A 3-minute trailer of the new TV series, Eagle Talon NEO, and the new ONA series, himitsukesshatakanotsume.jp, with original footage. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. An anime short series inspired by soft drink company Sapporo Beverage's mascot character Ribbon-chan. The story center on the soda-loving young girl named Ribbon-chan and her pet dog Citron. Note: The series aired on Wednesdays during episodes of the Nori Suta Max television program. (Source: ANN) Included on a DVD within the limited edition of the manga's volume 17. Apo, the pet dog from the manga, will star in the anime. Born with a silver spoon, Ichiko Sakura is overflowing with good fortune. She is wealthy, beautiful, athletic, and smart. Not only that, but everyone around her does whatever they can to ensure that her perfect life is not disturbed in any way. Talk about luck! Unfortunately for everyone else, it turns out she is actually sponging up all of the good fortune and leaving them high and dry! On the opposite end of the spectrum lies Momiji, who is a god of poverty. She has been sent to take Ichiko down a peg or two in order to restore balance to the world, and will attempt to use everything else at her disposal to suck out all of that fortune. Binbougami Ga! is a battle between fortune and misfortune. A battle that will employ verbal jabs, dirty tricks, and odd-ball bets. Will the human with all the luck in the world or the deity with nothing but misfortune come out on top? The animated promotional video for the drama CD Rui no Masaiban (Rui's Magical Trials). The original dark fantasy story revolves around Rui, the youngest ever magical judge who weighs the fate of demons. (Source: ANN) Opening animation featuring the Alguard Sisters, used in Rohto Pharmaceutical's campain against pollinosis. (Source: AniDB) Animated four-panel manga that comes as extra on the DVDs and Blu-rays. A special short in BD BOX. As a child, Riki Naoe shut himself from the world, thanks to a diagnosis of narcolepsy following the tragic deaths of his parents. However, Riki is saved when, one fateful day, a boy named Kyousuke recruits him into a team who call themselves the Little Busters. Accompanied by Masato, Kengo, and Rin, these misfits spend their childhood fighting evil and enjoying their youth. Years pass, and even in high school, the well-knit teammates remain together. Kyousuke decides to re-ignite the Little Busters by forming a baseball team as it will be his last school year with them. They have a problem though: there aren't enough members! The tables have turned, for it is now Riki's turn to reach out and recruit new friends into the Little Busters, just like Kyousuke had once done for him. Then, an omen surfaces—Rin finds a strange letter attached to her cat, assigning them the duty of uncovering the "secret of this world" by completing specific tasks. Just what is this secret, and why is it being hidden? It's up to the Little Busters to find out! [Written by MAL Rewrite] As close encounters of the twisted kind between the residents of the planet Develuke (represented primarily by the female members of the royal family) and the inhabitants of Earth (represented mainly by one very exhausted Rito Yuki) continue to escalate, the situation spirals even further out of control. When junior princesses Nana and Momo transferred into Earth School where big sister LaLa can (theoretically) keep an eye on them, things SHOULD be smooth sailing. But when Momo decides she'd like to "supplement" Rito's relationship with LaLa with a little "sisterly love," you know LaLa's not going to waste any time splitting harems. Unfortunately, it's just about that point that Yami, the Golden Darkness, enters the scene with all the subtleness of a supernova, along with an army of possessed high school students! All of which is certain to make Rito's life suck more than a black hole at the family picnic. Unless, of course, a certain semi-demonic princess can apply a little of her Develukean Whoop Ass to exactly that portion of certain other heavenly bodies! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) A collaboration between Blue Exorcist and Kakko Kawaii Sengen. As Yoko has her assistant scour the seabed in search of something, Madoka, unable to pilot Midori properly again, returns to Kamogawa to see the New Year in. Upon returning home, Madoka receives New Year's letters from Lan and Muginami, updating her about what's going on in their lives, to which Madoka makes a prompt reply. As the months pass by and Madoka moves up a year in school, Lan and Muginami visit an intergalactic replica of Kamogawa on the tourist planet Polyhedron. Takes place between seasons 1 and 2. (Source: Wikipedia) When abandoned kittens and his good conscience force second year Sorata Kanda to move into Suimei High School’s infamous Sakura Hall, the satellite dorm and its eccentric, misfit residents turn his life upside down. The decidedly average Sorata finds it difficult to fit in with the bizarre collection of dorm residents like Misaki, an energetic animator; Jin, a playwright playboy; Ryuunosuke, a reclusive programmer; and Chihiro, the dorm manager, art teacher, and party girl. Sorata's friend Nanami, a second year student and aspiring voice actress, pushes him to find new owners for the many cats so that he can quickly move back into the regular dorms. However, his desire to escape Sakura Hall wavers when the pet-like and infantile second year Mashiro Shiina, a world-class artistic savant looking to become a mangaka, transfers in during the spring trimester and quickly latches onto him. Supported by each other's quirks, Sorata and Mashiro come out of their shells and trigger change in the lives of those around them. Based on the light novel series of the same name, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo explores the fine threads connecting talent, hard work, romance, and friendship with its ensemble cast. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVAs that come with the limited premium edition of volumes 16 and 20 of the manga series. The 24th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongisde the 15th movie of the Pokémon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes!: Kyurem vs. Seikenshi". It will star the recently unveiled Pokémon, Meloetta, in its Aria and Pirouette formes. An actual movie of the Kamiusagi Rope series, featuring Rope and Akira, as they experience a thrilling adventure in their downtown. A special episode made for the Kamiusagi Rope Movie premiere. It features paper squirrel Akira's older sister, who has trouble with choosing which earrings to wear for her date. A collaborative advertisement between Kamiusagi Rope and au (a Japanese mobile phone company), where Rope and Akira interact with modern cellular technology. A collaborative advertisement video between Kamiusagi Rope and Panasonic, where Rope and Akira interact with Panasonic's new surround headphones. Three ONA specials of Kamiusagi Rope . Feng Shui: Rope and Akira run into their friend's mother. Valentine Day-hen: Rope and Akira receive chocolate from their neighbor. Undou Shinkei: Akira and Rope tries flying a kite, although it ends up stuck in a tree. "Fantasista Flower" is a side-story OVA related to The Eleventh Striker. (Source: Detective Conan World) The Miracle of Excalibur is the twelfth OVA of the anime and manga franchise Detective Conan. The plot is based on Gosho Aoyama's short story "Excalibur." (Source: Detective Conan World) Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. Spin-off of Accel World included on the anime Blu-ray/DVDs. Picture Drama included in Sacred Seven: Shirogane no Tsubasa, where Knight and Fei are in the same school as Alma and others. Lucius ends up in a space station, where he experiences zero gravity and learns about heliocentricism. Unaired 13th episode of Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai. Noya Itsuki just transferred to Ebisugawa High School. Since he has always had a fascination with space, he decides to join the Astronomy Club. However, he mistakenly walks into the Asstronomy Club - a club whose members are all female otaku. Itsuki notices that the members are really weird, but he has yet to realize that he joined the wrong club. His life becomes very strange very quickly. A series of short specials aired on the official website prior to the movie release. It consists of an explanation about the anime from the perspective of the twin characters, Motoe Nono and Motoe Nene. An additional episode was aired at the Clamp Festival 2012.  It was later included in Blood-C: The Last Dark Limited Edition BD and DVD. Satoshi, Iris & Dent continue their travels through the Isshu region. After successfully winning his 8th Gym Badge against Homika in Tachiwaki City, Shirona invites everyone to stay at her villa in East Isshu, where old friend Hikari is also staying, and participate in the Pokemon World Tournament Junior Cup before Satoshi participates in the Unova League. Team Rocket, meanwhile, initiate their final plan for the Isshu region-what is their purpose in  their desire for the legendary Pokémon Meloetta? Four short crossover episodes, collectively titled Kamen Rider Fourze × Crayon Shin-chan between Kamen Rider Fourze and Crayon Shin-chan were shown in each show's time slots during April 2012 to promote their respective series' new films: Kamen Rider × Super Sentai: Super Hero Taisen and Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called!: Me and the Space Princess. The characters will crossover in two episodes of each respective series. The story follows Shin-chan teaming up with Kamen Rider Fourze in order to go to space and rescue Shin's younger sister who had been taken to Planet Himawari to become its princess. The first and fourth episodes feature both anime and live-action while the second and third were entirely animated. (Source: Wikipedia) OVA bundled with 4th volume of manga. After six years of living separately, brother and sister Akiko and Akito Himenokouji are finally reunited. The two used to be quite close, until their parents died and they were sent to live with separate foster families. Now the two can live together and go to the same school as brother and extremely loving sister! It doesn’t take long before it becomes abundantly clear that Akiko has a huge brother complex. Unfortunately for Akiko, her brother only sees her as a little sister he must protect. But that won’t stop her from trying to win her brother’s affections! Things are only complicated when more girls move in with the siblings, making Akiko even more determined than ever to keep her brother’s eyes only on her. That’s tough to do with other girls flaunting their swimsuit-clad bodies at Akito, fighting over who gets to take care of him, and otherwise meddling in Akiko's plans for her brother. This is going to be one fun household…! Shizuku Mizutani is apathetic towards her classmates, only caring about her grades. However, her cold view of life begins to change when she meets Haru Yoshida, a violent troublemaker who stopped attending class after getting into a fight early in the school year. He is not much different from her, though—he too understands little about human nature and does not have any friends. Much to Shizuku's surprise, he proclaims that she will be his friend and immediately confesses his feelings towards her upon meeting her. Because of her lack of friends and social interaction, Shizuku has a hard time understanding her relationship with Haru. But slowly, their friendship begins to progress, and she discovers that there is more to Haru than violence. She begins to  develop feelings for him, but is unsure what kind of emotions she is experiencing. Together, Shizuku and Haru explore the true nature of their relationship and emotions. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Chitose is an 11-year-old girl who is madly in love with an older guy named Hiroshi. He works at the town hall right next to the school and Chitose spends every day relentlessly pursuing him. Can Chitose ever convince Hiroshi to go out with her? In the southern country of Banana island, the energetic princess and his humble servant Banna invite Anpanman and his friends to their biggest festival "Banana Matsuri". But when they arrive a stormy and cold day bestows the island and withers all the Banana crop. While searching for the cause on the Banana Mountain a water monster appears that threatens to take back the island to the water world. With the help of Banna, can Anpanman and his friends rescue the island from this crisis? After the defeat of Myouri Unzen at the hands of Medaka Kurokami and her Student Council, peace has returned to Hakoniwa Academy—at least, for a short while. Soon, Medaka, Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Kouki  Akune, and Mogana Kikaijima find themselves wrapped up in another sinister scheme, known as the "Flask Plan," led by the school's principal himself. However, the council's first problem is to deal with a whole new group of superhuman students calling themselves the "Thirteen Party," led by the egotistical but powerful Oudo Miyakonojou. With the mysterious Flask Plan, Oudo's tyranny, and the resurfacing of an old enemy, the state of Hakoniwa Academy is far from tranquil, and Medaka and her companions have their hands full as things only get a lot more abnormal. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Original anime that aims to teach English with cute girl characters. Minami-ke OVA bundled with the 10th volume of the manga. Rinne no Lagrange short specials included in the Rinne no Lagrange Blu-rays and DVDs. Unaired episodes bundled with the special edition of volume 4 of the original manga. Two OVAs bundled with a special-edition issues of Coro Coro Comics. Milky Holmes is a detective team composed of four girls who descended from famous detectives and possess supernatural powers known as "Toys". In this alternative world, instead of losing their Toys and becoming worthless students, they are on the path to becoming successful detectives. Under the guidance of Kobayashi Opera, they work to solve mysteries. (Source: AniDB) Taking place one month after the events that occurred in the movie Heaven is a Place on Earth. Living at the Sanzenin Mansion once again, Nagi returns to her old ways of life, until she receives word from American authorities informing her that she has a week to pick up her late father's belongings that was indefinitely delayed due to various circumstances. After receiving news of her father whom she doesn't remember, Nagi then meets a mysterious girl (with a hidden agenda) claiming to be Nagi's little sister. The series tells a new story that is original to the anime and not directly based on the manga. The main author of the original series Kenjiro Hata personally created the original concept for the story of this anime. (Source: Hayate no Gotoku! Wikia) A recap episode of the first season of Rinne no Lagrange. The continuation of Yurumates 3D right after the first season. Nanami Momozono dreams of living a normal life, just like any other average high school girl. Instead, she must cope with the fact that her deadbeat father accumulated a bunch of gambling debts and abandoned her. And since she can't afford to pay the rent, she's now homeless. Despite this unfortunate turn of events, Nanami still maintains a kind heart. One day in the park, she saves a poor man from a vicious attack, and in a perfect example of how good deeds are rewarded, the man thanks her by giving her his home. The offer sounds suspicious, but beggars can't be choosers. When Nanami arrives at the man's home, however, she discovers it isn't a house at all. It's a shrine. She learns that the man she saved was actually a god and that by giving her his home, she has now assumed his godhood and all of the duties that go along with it. The role seems daunting but it turns out that the previous god had a familiar named Tomoe. A powerful and skilled fox demon, Tomoe should be able to help Nanami transition into her new role as a deity... if the two of them don't kill each other first, that is. Kamisama Hajimemashita follows Nanami's life as a human god, her quest to win Tomoe's trust, and the romantic feelings she develops for him along the way. Everybody has had that stage in their life where they have thought themselves to be special, different from the masses of ordinary humans. They might go as far as seeing themselves capable of wielding mystical powers, or maybe even believe themselves to have descended from a fantasy realm. This "disease" is known as "chuunibyou" and is often the source of some of the most embarrassing moments of a person's life. For Yuuta Togashi, the scars that his chuunibyou has left behind are still fresh. Having posed as the "Dark Flame Master" during his middle school years, he looks back at those times with extreme embarrassment, so much so that he decides to attend a high school far away where nobody will recognize him. Putting his dark history behind him, he longs to live a normal high school life. Unfortunately, he hasn't escaped his past yet: enter Rikka Takanashi, Yuuta's new classmate and self-declared vessel of the "Wicked Eye." As this eccentric young girl crashes into Yuuta's life, his dream of an ordinary, chuunibyou-free life quickly crumbles away. In this hilarious and heartwarming story of a boy who just wants to leave his embarrassing memories behind, the delusions of old are far from a thing of the past. [Written by MAL Rewrite] People say that the youthful days are always bittersweet, but maybe it's just bitter? Kyouko Hori is a flashy high school girl, who, despite her ostentatious appearance, excels in academics and has a family-loving character. Izumi Miyamura is a bland high school boy, who, despite not wanting to stand out in class, secretly wears piercings outside of school and has a large body tattoo. One day, Miyamura finds Hori's little brother injured and helps him back to Hori's house, where the relationship between Hori and Miyamura begins with Hori's discovery of Miyamura's secret. The game and anime follow Kon Hokaze, a boy who embarks on a journey from our world to an alternate world known as Mira, which is full a mysterious energy known as Alma. After saving Princess Ecarlate from attackers, he soon finds himself in the middle of a struggle around Alma. New anime episodes released with each of the three iDOLM@STER Shiny Festa PSP games (Honey Sound, Funky Note, and Groovy Tune). Meloetta has throat trouble, Pikachu and Snivy search for the Rinka Berries for her throat cure. Meowth and Wobbuffet run after Meloetta. The 23rd Pikachu short, bundled with the August 2012 issue of Shogakukan's Ciao shoujo magazine. (Source: AniDB) Set before the events of Sweets Dance Princess, it focuses about My Melody's summer camping in Mary Land and how her friendship with Kuromi is becoming better, despite the upsetting experiences and misunderstandings she had during camp. (Source: ANN) Double feature with the first Jewelpet film, Jewelpet Movie: Sweets Dance Princess . An original anime DVD bundled with a limited edition of saxyun's 4th Yurumates manga volume. The bundled DVD contained the opening animation sequence for the television anime series and its first episode, as well as two unaired episodes. The limited edition also included an exclusive booklet. (Source: ANN) Asuka is a cute and clueless high school girl who habitually does things, in all innocence, that seem sexually suggestive to the men around her. Each chapter in "Today's Asuka Show" features a different awkward situation. (Source: tethysdust) Nanafa Kyan lives in Okinawa with her grandmother who runs the "Kame Soba" soba shop, her beautiful older sister Nao who is in high school, and her younger sister Kokona, who is in elementary school and has a strong ability to sense the supernatural. One day, Nanafa witnesses a seal fall off of a Chinese banyan tree, and three spirits who live in that tree are unleashed. These spirits include Niina and Raana, who are "jimunaa" spirits. The third spirit is Iina, who is an incarnation of an Okinawan lion statue. As spirits start appearing one after another, the peaceful life of Nanafa and her family begins to change. (Source: ANN) A short, comical anime adaptation of the psychological-horror manga, Litchi☆Hikari Club. The story is about nine boys who are members of the Hikari Club and their self-made AI robot, Litchi. They are led by their leader Zera and keep a kidnapped girl named Kanon. The first full-length feature film adaptation of Yutaka Hara's Kaiketsu Zorori. (Source: ANN) It is summer break and Keima intends to spend all his time on video games. An old acquaintance, the timid girl Tenri, comes back into the neighborhood - and apparently has a lost soul inside her. It is up to Keima and Elysia to unravel the secrets of her heart. (Source: ANN) Teekyuu is all about the wacky antics of four schoolgirls—Kanae Shinjou gets bored easily and often breaks the laws of physics to get what she wants; Nasuno Takamiya is incredibly rich and knows how to make things go her way; Marimo Bandou would probably get arrested from her actions like eating panties or kidnapping children; and Yuri Oshimoto, their ordinary junior, rounds out the eccentric bunch that forms the sole members of their school's tennis club. Despite their interest in learning the sport, the older girls prefer messing around, while Yuri, being the only one who actually knows how to play and the most mature in spite of being younger, has to deal with her seniors' out of control behavior. When these four girls come together, insanity ensues in this lightning-paced comedy about a tennis club that doesn't really play tennis. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Lovely, but with a dark heart. The hand-to-mouth life of a strange yellow and black creature named "Wooser". Lovely but with a dark heart, the new hero (?) from the depths of the internet is appearing on TV and Nico Nico Video! "My favorite things are meat and money and girls," he says, but what are his cute, round eyes staring at? (* Probably meat, money, or girls) The strange hand-to-mouth life of this strange creature is now being animated by Sanzigen, famous for their 3D CG animations! Do note that the dot in the middle is supposedly a mouth, not a nose. (Source: Crunchyroll) A retelling of the Arlong Park arc, with new animation. Recap episode aired between episodes 7 and 8. A gag, flash animation comedy that centers around a purported college student named Haruo "Cat" Kyattsuyama who only went to his school, the low-tier Kunekune College, once. One day, he sees a cute Russian Blue cat named Kan-u abandoned in a cardboard box on the roadside somewhere in Japan. Kyattsuyama pretends not to see the cat, and continues to do so for an entire year. Surprisingly, no one has shown up to try to save the cat, so Kyattsuyama finally decides to pick the cat up — however, by then, there are now three Russian Blue cats instead of just one. Kyattsuyama asked the cats for their names, and they all said "Kan-u." The anime shorts are inspired by Kaoru Curry-zawa's "Kremlin" cat gag comedy manga. (Source: ANN) Sakata Gintoki, Kagura, and Shinpachi Shimura continue to scrape a living as freelance jack-of-all-trades at Edo while amidst the several odd humans and aliens that inhabit the peculiar metropolis. (Source: ANN) This season contains episodes that were aired in the previous seasons of Gintama. For complete episode information, see the More Info tab. An unaired OVA episode of Kore wa Zombie Desu ka? of the Dead . It is the 11th episode and was bundled with the sixth volume of the manga. Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket (both limited and normal editions). A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) DVD/BD Extras. A three-volume OVA of Code:Breaker.  Each volume will be bundled with volumes 22-24 of the manga, respectively. Subtitles and release dates: Vol.1: "code:extra 1,2,3 & Plus 1", Dec 17, 2012 Vol.2: "code:100 & extra HANAMI & Plus 2", Feb 15, 2013 Vol.3: "code:4koma Special Theater", Apr 17, 2013 The series is inspired by the Super Sentai actor Shouei (照英). Shouei is best known for his role as Gouki/GingaBlue in Seijuu Sentai Gingaman, a role he has reprised for other Super Sentai series and films. (Source: ANN) Short episodes aired on KyoAni's official YouTube channel. After surviving a vampire attack, Koyomi Araragi notices that his friend and savior, Tsubasa Hanekawa, has been acting strange. When he happens to cross paths with her on his way to a bookstore and sees she has a bandage on her face, he knows something must definitely be wrong. Koyomi wants to help her, but Tsubasa assures him that her wound is just something she received at home and that he should not concern himself with it. But when a white cat with no tail is hit and killed by a car, the pair bury the creature and the real trouble begins. When Koyomi later pays a visit to his friend Meme Oshino and recounts the day's events, he is informed what they have buried is actually an apparition, one perfect for Tsubasa in her current state. Tasked with finding his friend to confirm her safety, he discovers that she has attacked her parents, possessed by the "Sawari Neko." Now, it is up to Koyomi to help Tsubasa as she once helped him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] First Episode: Summary of the previous two seasons of Bakuman Second Episode: Shows many of the mangakas' works. Main cast members also talk about which "Bakuman." works they would like to see animated A summary episode of the whole series. DVD/BD Specials Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders of Christianity and Buddhism, are living together as roommates in a Tokyo apartment while taking a vacation on Earth. The comedy often involves jokes about Christianity, Buddhism, and all things related, as well as the main characters' attempts to hide their identities and understand modern society in Japan. Episode 0 of the anime adaptation of Puchimas! -Petit iDOLM@STER- manga, bundled with the December 2012 issue of Dengeki Maou magazine. (Source: ANN) Lupin has become a suspect in the murder of a professor named Theo Argent. The professor had just discovered the missing page of Marco Polo's Record of Observations of the East travel journal. As Lupin is being pursued by the police, he ends up getting unlikely help from the granddaughter of Theo Argent, Lisa. (Source: ANN) Mametchi and his friends return to study abroad at Dream Town, a place that supports the dreams of all who live there. At Dream Town, Mametchi meets the aspiring idol singer Yumemitchi, Kiraritchi and other new characters as they all follow their own dreams. (Source: ANN) Short specials included in the Onii-chan Dakedo Ai Sae Areba Kankeinai yo ne Blu-rays and DVDs. Three episodes aired on TV as part of the Ribon x Oha Suta specials. Third season of Pururun! Shizuku-chan. A new episode of Carnival Phantasm released on the Type-moon Fes - 10th Anniversary Event - Blu-ray. A short anime series that describes the everyday life of Ao and other Eureka Seven Ao characters. The final four episodes of Kokoro Connect. BD/DVD specials. Series of 10 shorts parodying the popular classic anime Lupin III. The story of the Hand Island no Bouken special is set a little before the events of One Piece Film Z and depicts a major "Hand Island" incident during the New World storyline. The story is set at "Cannon Town" where a parent and a child work as craftspeople. The incident revolves around them and a commodore of a marine base. The special will also have a flashback scene to the story in the first chapter of the manga, but with new animation. (Source: ANN) Episode 13 of Acchi Kocchi that was included in Vol.6. Bundled with the PSP pirate romance role-playing game One Piece Romance Dawn: Bouken no Yoake (ワンピース ロマンスドーン 冒険の夜明け). Note: This game is not based on "Romance Dawn," Oda Eiichirou's prototype manga for what would eventually become One Piece. Instead, the title reflects the fact that the game covers the "Romance Dawn" arc of the manga, at the "dawn" of pirate Luffy's adventures in the East Blue. (Source: ANN) Niigata city's publicity mascot characters, Komachi Hanano and Dangorou Sasa, search for the mysterious stone that was stolen after it had fallen from the skies. An exclusive anime prologue to One Piece Film Z with an original story penned by manga creator Eiichiro Oda. (Source: ANN) BD/DVD specials. Two friends make a video together. A story about love. A cautionary tale about proper etiquette in the outdoors. Mini episodes of Kotoura-san introducing each of the series' characters. Extra episode included on BD/DVD vol. 6; effectively episode 13. Despite their decaying bodies, Rea’s zombie power comes in handy both at school and at home, and Babu gets interested in another cat—although this particular feline is one of the living. (Source: FUNimation) Special in which the fairies hold a round table discussion. An online-broadcast-only episode of Boku no Imouto wa "Osaka Okan." Compilation and bloopers of the Inazuma Eleven Go Trading Card Game commercials presented by Wonderbot. Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, this time featuring scenes from older times. A special episode from the official DVD fandisc. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise. The anime's original story features Mutta and Hibito during one summer when they were children. During the summer when Mutta and Hibito made their promise to go to space, they met a young girl who also had a wish. (Source: ANN) There are 12 companion pieces in the forms of "Fact Files" (which expand upon a given character from a corresponding episode) airing shortly after each episode. Lucius ends up at the presentation of bathroom and toilet equipment by Japanese toilet manufacturer TOTO, where he learns about the most recent technological advances in that field. Ikeike! Momon-chan is a series of shorts created to promote the Omote Sando upscale shopping center in Tokyo. Each episode typically focuses on the comedic interactions between Momon-chan, the peach girl and Tanu, the tanuki, as they discuss everything from horoscopes, to Christmas, to tools that reference Doraemon, to traditional Japanese New Year’s games, and much much more. Specials that streamed earlier on in the season, featuring new characters and cameos by Momon-chan and Tanu. (Source: Migoto Fansubs) It is said that there is a thousands years old treasure that must be found before it fall into the wrong hands, and the Dragon flute which only the real descendant of the dragon can open the door of the treasure. It's a race against time and full onslaught of enemies to stop the heroes from there quest. (Source: AniDB) Rinne no Lagrange short specials included in the Rinne no Lagrange Season 2 Blu-rays and DVDs. Adaptation of the short story written by Manta Aisora for the first issue of GA Bunko magazine. Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series. Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.  This short film was inspired by the story told in the prose written by Jia Pingwa to memorialize his father in 1989. Set on the North Shannxi Loess Plateau, the story tells about two boys trying to sell a pig, the only valuable property of the poor family, for food. However, things go wrong. The film was artistically designed to present the spectacular and broad scenery of the Loess Plateau as well as the simple life of the people. This is a black humor about the difficult years in the northwest of China in 1970s. (Source: Youtube, edited) A boy saves a strange, space-manipulating creature from certain death, but she doesn't seem to be grateful! Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Two short anime clips, produced by A-1 Pictures and serving as promotion for the manga. (Source: Wikipedia) Demonic Vice-Commander of the Shinsengumi, Toushirou Hijikata, acquires a cursed sword—one which completely rewrites his personality, morphing him from a hard-boiled, no-nonsense cop into a hopeless otaku. As he struggles to break the curse, an ambitious new member of the police force, Itou Kamotarou, seizes the opportunity to depose Hijikata in his bid for power within the organization. However, Itou's scheme is revealed to be more devious than anyone imagined, and the very existence of the Shinsengumi is thrown into peril. In another time and place, the Yorozuya squad is suddenly greeted by a potential new recruit. Before them is a mysterious young woman named Pirako Doromizu who hides a penchant for extreme violence behind her smiling, enthusiastic exterior. However, unbeknownst to Gintoki and the others, Pirako has strong ties to one of the ruling figures of the Kabuki district of Edo, and her arrival sets off a chain reaction that throws the inhabitants of the district into a civil war. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This series continues the adventures of Katta Kirifuda, Bucyake and Yohdel throughout the school season. They meet new classmates such as Leo to duel against. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) The new Nukko. anime is an adolescent school story revolving around Nukko and Nukko's slightly(?) oddball friends. (Source: ANN) A crossover OVA featuring Wazabo Saishuushou: Wazaguu! and Dangerous Jiisan Ja. Short picture episodes with Risa and Miya from "Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo" visual novel series. Short animation included as a bonus in the Blu-ray Box volume 2. Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Extra science lessons included with the Gunbuster Blu-ray Box Complete Edition. These explain how the space ropeway works, and time dilation from near-lightspeed travel. Anthropomorphic peanuts teach dance. Premiered on the Music Launcher's television anime block. Originally planned to be released as an original video anime adaptation of Ichigeki Sacchuu!! HoiHoi-san Legacy manga. Japanese publisher ASCII Media Works concluded that there has been no prospect of completing the production of the title and cancelled the production. The two-minute trailer is all that was released of this project. (Source: AniDB) To confront a planetary war at the sand planet of Katuuna, Stitch must leave Yuna and Earth behind. (Source: Wikipedia) Specials included on the DVD release of Peeping Life: The Perfect Explosion that focus on Otaku-kun talking about "Celebrating Universal's 100th Anniversary", Otaku-kun talking about "50 Years of Tatsunoku Productions", and Otaku-kun interacting with a kigurumi in "Madeleine and the Pocket Tissues" that's reminiscent of the PreCure kigurumi performers. A young girl starting to put on make-up inadvertently ignores her pet rabbit who becomes a bit jealous. Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Recap of Hidamari Sketch x ☆☆☆ series included on the limited edition Blu-Ray "Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x Honeycomb". Peeping Life Collaboration with IODATA. A two-part TV special focusing on the romance between the dogs. Hong-Kong made fourth sequel of "My Life as McDull". Springfield Kindergarten is desperately in need of money - The principal is behind on the rent, and the electricity is getting cut off. After a fundraising dinner ends in spectacular failure, the music-loving principal decides to form a student choir as last resort. With the help of a shady talent manager named Big M, the Springfield Kindergarten Choir becomes a huge success, and little McDull discovers that a little thickness really can make a great voice. (Source: AniDB) Chronologically the 10th, 12th, 13th, and 16th eps that were never shown in theaters. They were released on DVD before and were shown on TV 3 years after the main 2nd season aired in theaters. Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters. Another AU Collaboration this time taking place at the end of the 4th season. These were included on the DVD release of season as well. Recap compilation of the Tiger & Bunny series with some new sequences and new narration from the viewpoint of the characters Barnaby and Kotetsu. Collaboration special where Eagle Talon examines Tamagotchi's popularity with girls. He wears a bowl on his head and dances to the rhythms of Samba! What in the world is this creature? It is Owanco! He is a fairy dog who wears a bowl like a hat. He loves food so much that he transforms himself into whatever food he pleases. His biggest fan and the admirer of tea-cupped-poodle, "Pooko-chan" and his rival cat, "Nori-Tama" (Nori=seaweed, Tama=the most typical name for cats in Japan) will join the fun ride. By the way, what's for dinner tonight? (Source: Official YouTube Channel) An original anime DVD bundled with a limited edition of saxyun's 4th Yurumates manga volume. The bundled DVD contained the opening animation sequence for the television anime series and its first episode, as well as two unaired episodes. The limited edition also included an exclusive booklet. (Source: ANN)   A series of animated shorts done in collaboration with Zip. Precocious ten-year-old Yugo, a village girl who is also a student of martial arts, meets a white "liger", a half lion, half tiger creature born from a magic stone. It introduces itself as Lala. Shocked that she can understand the animal's language, Yugo chases it up a mountain where a waiting Cloud Whale swallows them both whole. Inside its giant stomach, there are many different creatures being transported to Animal Paradise, a fantastical kingdom that welcomes only 99 chosen ones every ten years. However, human beings are forbidden in the kingdom, any that remain for more than three days will be transformed into an animal forever. To return home, Yugo seeks the help of the seemingly ferocious Uncle Bear, a black bear with a sharp tongue but a gentle heart. As time is running out for Yugo, she and Lala uncover Tiger General's devious plot to open a magical portal into Lala's world and turn every human into an animal. (Source: Wikipedia) A collaboration between 009 Re:Cyborg and Staff Service, featuring Cyborg 003 as a businesswoman. One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes is a parody series that references folktales, classic literature, and modern comics, films, and animation from a variety of countries and regions. Collaboration commercials between the Inazuma Eleven Go vs. Danball Senki W Movie and Mameshiba. The first episode is a motion capture of the Fujilog characters with Perfume's song with the raw data provided by the Perfume website. The second episode is smooth/realistic CG animation on top of real life footage; it shows Fujiyama in his OSAM 1-gou that we see in the TV series. The mold rabbits head to the sea, but are chased by a large shark. The mold rabbits are ejected from an airplane. The mold rabbits visit a game center. An absurdist sketch-style comedy anime about a cat and his owner. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Ash Ketchum, headed off to the Unova region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Hoenn and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Trip and the region's Professor Juniper, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Cilan, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Straition City Gym Leaders. Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tamaki is an elementary school girl. Her father Dr. Yagiyama loves penguins and his excessive lectures about penguins makes Tamaki hate them. In order to get rid of her hatred of penguins, he engineers the penguin-roid "Minori". Tamaki and Minori run about the neighborhood to solve troubles caused by her father. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. At Kaimei High School, the Living Assistance Club (aka the Sket Brigade) was organized to help students with problems big or small. Most of the time, though, they hang out in their club room, bored, with only a few trivial problems floating in every once in a while. In spite of this, they still throw all their energy into solving these worries. (Source: Crunchyroll) After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Staz Charlie Blood is a powerful vampire who rules the Eastern district of Demon World. According to rumors, he is a bloodthirsty and merciless monster, but in reality, Staz is just an otaku obsessed with Japanese culture and completely uninterested in human blood. Leaving the management of his territory to his underlings, Staz spends his days lazing around, indulging in anime, manga, and games. When Fuyumi Yanagi, a Japanese girl, accidentally wanders through a portal leading into the demon world, Staz is overjoyed. But just as he is starting to feel an unusual attraction to her, his territory is attacked, resulting in Fuyumi's untimely death. She turns into a wandering ghost and the crestfallen Staz vows to resurrect her as this would mean being able to travel to the human world, something he has always dreamed of. Blood Lad follows Staz and Fuyumi, soon joined by the spatial magician Bell and the half-werewolf Wolf, as they travel to find a magic that can bring humans back to life. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Entering her Master's course, Nanami Haruka is facing an even more difficult time. And she isn't the only one. The main six members of Starish are assigned new seniors to watch over them! But the seniors aren't having the best attitudes about it. Watch Uta no☆Prince-sama♪ Maji Love 2000% and find yourself completely engaged in a whole new adventure mixed in with comedy and romance! Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects. Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures! (Source: Crunchyroll) Kirino is back from her trip to America, but the fun doesn't stop here! In the second season of Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai , Kyousuke continues to give Kirino life consultations. This time, romance lurks on the horizon for both siblings... When abandoned kittens and his good conscience force second year Sorata Kanda to move into Suimei High School’s infamous Sakura Hall, the satellite dorm and its eccentric, misfit residents turn his life upside down. The decidedly average Sorata finds it difficult to fit in with the bizarre collection of dorm residents like Misaki, an energetic animator; Jin, a playwright playboy; Ryuunosuke, a reclusive programmer; and Chihiro, the dorm manager, art teacher, and party girl. Sorata's friend Nanami, a second year student and aspiring voice actress, pushes him to find new owners for the many cats so that he can quickly move back into the regular dorms. However, his desire to escape Sakura Hall wavers when the pet-like and infantile second year Mashiro Shiina, a world-class artistic savant looking to become a mangaka, transfers in during the spring trimester and quickly latches onto him. Supported by each other's quirks, Sorata and Mashiro come out of their shells and trigger change in the lives of those around them. Based on the light novel series of the same name, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo explores the fine threads connecting talent, hard work, romance, and friendship with its ensemble cast. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. "We're going to launch a manga magazine!" A team of girls with zero experience in manga editing are off and running toward their dream of creating the biggest manga magazine in Japan! They seem to do nothing but run into problems and failures... But still they're working hard every day! (Source: Crunchyroll) Ohana has grown accustomed to living in the hot springs inn her grandmother manages, Kissuisou. One day, the daughter of a manager for Kissuisou's rival inn, Yuina, comes to Kissuisou for training to become a landlady herself. As Ohana is observing her training, she finds "a certain item" in the storeroom while cleaning. (Source: ultimatemegax) In her admiration of Shiny Chariot, a famous witch renowned for her unorthodox yet enchanting spells, Kagari Akko, an ordinary girl, joined Witch Academia in the hope of someday becoming as spectacular as Shiny Chariot. She is determined to become a graduate of Witch Academy and make her dream come true despite not being from a lineage with witchcraft and wizardry. The story takes places when Akko, along with her two best friends, Lotte Yansson and Sucy Manbavaran, take their first lessons to become witches; however, Akko is furious when she finds out that Shiny Chariot is not as popular in the world of the witches as she had thought. Aoi prefers indoor hobbies and is afraid of heights, but her childhood friend Hinata loves to show off her passion for mountain climbing. As young children they once watched the sunrise from the top of a mountain, and now they've decided to take up mountain climbing in hopes of seeing that sunrise again. They have cooking battles with mountaineering gear, climb small hills in their neighborhood, and meet new mountaineering friends as they learn the ropes of the hobby. When will they finally see that sunrise again? (Source: Crunchyroll) The everyday lives of the Minami sisters continue. Chiaki, the youngest, continues to call people idiots while worshipping her eldest sister. Kana, the middle, still can't figure out that Fujioka's feelings for her are a crush, not a grudge. Haruka, the eldest, still unknowingly avoids Hosaka's advances to invite her to the volleyball team, and after a long day of excitement, the sisters enjoy sitting at the table at their home. (Source: ANN) The Japanese call them hikikomori—people who've become so withdrawn socially that they refuse to leave their homes for weeks and even months at a time. For Sasami Tsukuyomi, who's attempting to pass her first year of high school despite being a shut in, it's more than just a word. Fortunately though, she lives with her older brother Kamiomi, who just happens to be a teacher at the school Sasami is supposed to attend. Not to mention, her "Brother Surveillance Tool" which lets her view the outside world via her computer and will, theoretically, allow her to readjust to interfacing with people again. What it mainly does, however, is let her view her brother's interactions with the three very odd Yagami sisters, who inexplicably seem to have had their ages reversed and have various types of "interest" in Kamiomi. And then things start to get really weird... Magical powers? Everything turning into chocolate? Is life via the web warping Sasami's brain, or is it the universe that's going crazy? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Ichirou Satou is an ordinary high school student who pretended that he was a hero by the name of "Maryuuin Kouga" back in middle school, which led to others frequently bullying him. Now that he has left this embarrassing phase behind, he does his best to avoid standing out and live a peaceful life, although he feels the world has become quite dull. But when he makes his way back to school one night to grab a textbook he left in class, he runs into a strange girl wearing a costume. This girl, Ryouko Satou, happens to be his classmate and is affected by the exact same condition that he once had, holding on to a delusion that she is someone else and dressing up to reflect this. The very next day, Ichirou is asked by his teacher to become friends with Ryouko, to which he adamantly refuses, unwilling to be reminded of his own history. When he sees that she is being bullied just as he once was, however, the boy makes it his responsibility to take care of her and break her free from that which what once plagued him—the perfect job for Maryuuin Kouga. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The movie is set on a state-of-the art Aegis vessel with the full cooperation of Japan's real-life Ministry of Defense and Maritime Self-Defense Force. The corpse of a Self-Defense Force member has been found—minus the left arm—and a spy has infiltrated the Aegis vessel. The heroine Ran is put in jeopardy, and Conan is forced to stand up against the dangerous Spy "X." (Source: ANN) It is often said that events of the past shape what you become in the future. For Eita Kidou, a studious, hard-working student aspiring to earn a scholarship so that he can become a doctor, this is an undeniable truth after being abandoned by his love-addled parents. This event left him jaded to the notion of romance, seeing it as only a distraction that gets in the way of studying. Unfortunately for Eita, his efforts hit a snag when he receives a confession of love from Masuzu Natsukawa, a transfer student with platinum hair and blue eyes. Eita sees through the confession, causing Masuzu to admit that she only did so because having a boyfriend would stop people from asking her out daily. She finds love to be just as much of a hindrance as he does, so by pretending to date, they can stave off advances from everyone else. Eita refuses on the grounds that his classmates will be jealous, but Masuzu blackmails him by revealing that she has his journal and will post it online for everyone to see if he betrays her. Thus begins Ore no Kanojo to Osananajimi ga Shuraba Sugiru , a story that follows Eita coping with his new "relationship" and the complications that arise from it. The game and anime follow Kon Hokaze, a boy who embarks on a journey from our world to an alternate world known as Mira, which is full a mysterious energy known as Alma. After saving Princess Ecarlate from attackers, he soon finds himself in the middle of a struggle around Alma. Shinomiya Kyouya is forced to become a new member of the GJ, an unidentified club that dwells in a room of the former building of a certain school. Here he meets the club leader, Mao, a short girl with a big attitude; Mao's younger sister, Megumi, who has the heart of a bipolar angel; the recognized genius with a lack of common sense, Shion; and the always-hungry and mysterious Kirara. Time flies with these unique girls around. Hachiman Hikigaya is an apathetic high school student with narcissistic and semi-nihilistic tendencies. He firmly believes that joyful youth is nothing but a farce, and everyone who says otherwise is just lying to themselves. In a novel punishment for writing an essay mocking modern social relationships, Hachiman's teacher forces him to join the Volunteer Service Club, a club that aims to extend a helping hand to any student who seeks their support in achieving their goals. With the only other club member being the beautiful ice queen Yukino Yukinoshita, Hachiman finds himself on the front line of other people's problems—a place he never dreamed he would be. As Hachiman and Yukino use their wits to solve many students' problems, will Hachiman's rotten view of society prove to be a hindrance or a tool he can use to his advantage? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Illyasviel von Einzbern is an ordinary elementary school student who becomes a magical girl when the magical Kaleidostick Ruby deems her a more suitable master than the sorceress, Rin Tohsaka. Rin, who had been tasked by the wizard Zelretch to collect the seven Class Cards containing the spirits of Heroic Spirits from legend, finds that she is unable to change Ruby's mind and must supervise Illya in completing the task of collecting the Class Cards. During Illya's adventures, she receives a friend and rival in a girl named Miyu, the contracted master of the Kaleidostick Sapphire, which similarly abandoned its original master and Rin's rival, Luvia Edelfelt. (Source: Wikipedia) Blu-ray disc bundled with the fourth volume of the manga. With their school's pool opening the next day, Iria schemes up the idea to hold a swimsuit contest. With Lisara, Mina, Quele, and Iria herself all participating in the event. The Neighbor's Club—a club founded for the purpose of making friends, where misfortunate boys and girls with few friends live out their regrettable lives. Although Yozora Mikazuki faced a certain incident at the end of summer, the daily life of the Neighbor's Club goes on as usual. A strange nun, members of the student council and other new faces make an appearance, causing Kodaka Hasegawa's life to grow even busier. While they all enjoy going to the amusement park, playing games, celebrating birthdays, and challenging the "school festival"—a symbol of the school life normal people live—the relations amongst the members slowly begins to change... Let the next stage begin, on this unfortunate coming-of-age love comedy!! (Source: ANN) In a world where half-human, half-animal chimeras live and work alongside normal people, there are sure to be a few bad apples in the bunch. Unfortunately, half-human criminals means non-human clues that often leave the police stumped. That's where lone wolf detectives like Hiroshi Inaba come in. He's literally part wolf and has the amazing ability to extract critical information just by examining or tasting a sample of someone's hair! Of course, that ability has also resulted in Inaba having a little bit of a hair fetish, but that doesn't seem to be a problem for his two assistants. (Well, at least the cross-dressing one isn't complaining much.) And it's nothing compared to the strange tastes of Inaba's nemesis, the omnivorous (and half goat) crime boss Don Valentino, who has an appetite for green legal tender instead of tender young greens! Inaba's sworn to cut Valentino out of the criminal flock before the Don can wolf down more ill-gotten dough, but he's going to have to chew his way through a lot of evidence to get his goat. Can sheer dogged detective work put the baaaaad guys behind bars? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The Hanzo Academy is a prestigious prep school with a secret known only to a select few. Behind its walls is a training course for shinobi; trained spies and assassins that centuries ago had served the shoguns for their political and military needs. Today the tradition continues with five young female trainees with diverse personalities: the care-free Asuka, fierce yet perverted Katsuragi, the sweet and innocent Hibari, stoic and protective Yagyuu, and their mature, class representative, Ikaruga. Senran Kagura tells the story of these five girls and their secret journey to complete their shinobi training. The journey quickly becomes more complicated than they expect though when a darker, more sinister group of shinobi reveal themselves. Not only do they know of the girls at the Hanzo Academy, but they seem fully intent on and capable of proving themselves to be the superior, modern day shinobi. Through honing their skills, harnessing the power of their secret scrolls to perform shinobi transformations, and working together as a team, Asuka and her friends must rise to meet this new challenge. Not just for the sake of their training, but for the everything the Hanzo Academy stands for. The fifth season of Hetalia . Youto Yokodera wants to be seen in a way different from most men: as a pervert. However, his lewd actions are often misinterpreted as good intentions, and people cannot see his true nature. Upon hearing rumors of a cat statue that can banish an unwanted trait, he searches for it and prays for his façade to be removed. But each wish comes at a price: those unwelcomed traits are transferred to someone else who desires them! After realizing that vocalizing his dirty thoughts is not the best thing, Youto decides to regain his lost traits by seeking out the person who received them. Unfortunately, he was not alone in praying to the cat statue, and now he must not only fix his life, but the lives of others as well. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasukabe are extraordinary teenagers who are blessed with psychic powers but completely fed up with their disproportionately mundane lives—until, unexpectedly, each of them receives a strange envelope containing an invitation to a mysterious place known as Little Garden. Inexplicably dropped into a vast new world, the trio is greeted by Kurousagi, who explains that they have been given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to participate in special high-stakes games using their abilities. In order to take part, however, they must first join a community. Learning that Kurousagi's community "No Names" has lost its official status and bountiful land due to their defeat at the hands of a demon lord, the group sets off to help reclaim their new home's dignity, eager to protect its residents and explore the excitement that Little Garden has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When Gintoki apprehends a movie pirate at a premiere, he checks the camera's footage and finds himself transported to a bleak, post-apocalyptic version of Edo, where a mysterious epidemic called the "White Plague" has ravished the world's population. It turns out that the movie pirate wasn't a pirate after all—it was an android time machine, and Gintoki has been hurtled five years into the future! Shinpachi and Kagura, his Yorozuya cohorts, have had a falling out and are now battle-hardened solo vigilantes and he himself has been missing for years, disappearing without a trace after scribbling a strange message in his journal. Setting out in the disguise given to him by the android time machine, Gintoki haphazardly reunites the Yorozuya team to investigate the White Plague, and soon discovers that the key to saving the future lies in the darkness of his own past. Determined to confront a powerful foe, he makes an important discovery—with a ragtag band of friends and allies at his side, he doesn't have to fight alone. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Hyakka Ryoran: Samurai Girls. A school love comedy. Kotoura Haruka is a 15-year-old girl who can read people's minds. She has been suffering from troubles caused by her mind-reading ability, and her parents got divorced as a result. She moves to a new high school but tries to keep away from her classmates. Manabe Yoshihisa, one of her classmates, accepts and appreciates her ability and she begins to interact with her friends with his help. (Source: MAL News) Choosing which high school club to join can be a daunting task. After all, there are only so many hours in the day, not to mention the power struggle between cyborgs and part canine-females. At least, that's the conundrum that Haruki Komaba finds himself trapped in. Airi Kuze is a mechanical science master with a crush on Haruki. Touko Hizuki is a half-dog, half-girl chemical science master who's also fond of Haruki. Unfortunately for Haruki, he accidentally promised to join both clubs and finds himself in the middle of a fierce battle for his membership and, if Airi has anything to say about it, his hand in marriage. As if things weren't complicated enough, Ayana's perverted older sister Touko has decided to intervene on her younger sibling's behalf, bringing her own brand of sexually charged chemical science into the mix. Haruki's going to have a difficult time deciding on a club. If the girls don't end up tearing each other apart first, that is. The misadventures of Issei Hyoudou, high school pervert and aspiring Harem King, continue on in High School DxD New . As the members of the Occult Research Club carry out their regular activities, it becomes increasingly obvious that there is something wrong with their Knight, the usually composed and alert Yuuto Kiba. Soon, Issei learns of Kiba's dark, bloody past and its connection to the mysterious Holy Swords. Once the subject of a cruel experiment, Kiba now seeks revenge on all those who wronged him. With the return of an old enemy, as well as the appearance of two new, Holy Sword-wielding beauties, it isn't long before Issei and his Devil comrades are plunged into a twisted plot once more. [Written by MAL Rewrite] "Before the world ends, kill me or kiss me." Thirty years before the events of Date A Live , an enormous explosion devastates east Asia and kills 150 million people. This is the first known "Spacequake", an inexplicable natural disaster that has since become commonplace. Fast forward to the future. High school second year Shidou Itsuka lives alone with his cute little sister while their parents are away. What do these things have to do with each other? While rushing to save his sister from a sudden Spacequake, Shidou is caught in the blast and, in the midst of the chaos, finds a mysterious girl. It turns out that this girl is actually a Spirit, a powerful being from another world whose arrival devastates the surrounding area. Thankfully, Shidou is rescued by an anti-Spirit strike team... led by his little sister?! This vicious task force is locked and loaded, ready to exterminate Spirits with extreme prejudice. But this violent method is not for Shidou. He discovers the one way to neutralize these Spirits peacefully: make them fall in love. Now, it's up to Shidou to save the world by dating those who threaten to destroy it! OVA episode bundled with fifth volume of manga. Unaired 13th episode of the TV series. From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. One day, 765 Pro idols Ami and Mami bring in the mysterious Petit-dols "Afuu" and "Yukipo"!? More and more Petit-dols gather at the offices where everyone works. Leisurely enjoy their daily lives full of laughs and happenings. Nyaruko still wants Mahiro, as does Hasuta. Kūko wants Nyaruko, but believes both Nyaruko's and Mahiro's "first time" belongs to her. Yoriko puts up with all of it and cheerfully runs the house where they all live. Mahiro just wants some sanity. He doesn't want to be the love toy of a Nyarlathotepan, Cthughan, or a shots-like Hasturan. He may or may not hold out. (Source: ANN) The second season of Tamayura: Hitotose. Once upon a time, the demon lord Rchimedes spread terror throughout the world, until he was eventually sealed away by the legendary hero Creasion. Since then, a thousand years have passed peacefully. However, a mysterious hole has opened up between the demon and human spheres, and countless demons have surged into the human realm once more. Coming to the conclusion that Rchimedes would soon return to wreak havoc, a human king summons the possible descendants of the legendary hero—all 75 of them. Unfortunately, after so long, it was too difficult to pinpoint his true descendants. Among the lionhearted prospects is the amateur adventurer Alba Frühling. His skills may not be top-notch, but he is accompanied by the talented soldier Ross, who helps the young hero whenever he is in a pinch...or at least, he is supposed to. Though undoubtedly a skilled warrior, Ross is actually both sarcastic and sadistic, and hence revels in Alba's suffering. Senyuu. is a comedic adventure following the unlikely duo as they struggle in their endeavor to defeat the demon lord, meeting various eccentrics along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] What if Jesus and Buddha were living on Earth in modern times? What if they shared an apartment in Japan? Saint Young Men is a humorous manga about the daily lives of Jesus and Buddha, with each chapter focusing on some element of modern life, such as Disneyland, rush hour on the train, Christmas, the public pool, carnivals, and more. (Source: Mangafox) Ro-Kyu-Bu! OVA bundled with the PlayStation Portable game "Ro-Kyu-Bu!: Himitsu no Otoshimono." Striking fear into the hearts of mortals, the Demon Lord Satan begins to conquer the land of Ente Isla with his vast demon armies. However, while embarking on this brutal quest to take over the continent, his efforts are foiled by the hero Emilia, forcing Satan to make his swift retreat through a dimensional portal only to land in the human world. Along with his loyal general Alsiel, the demon finds himself stranded in modern-day Tokyo and vows to return and complete his subjugation of Ente Isla—that is, if they can find a way back! Powerless in a world without magic, Satan assumes the guise of a human named Sadao Maou and begins working at MgRonald's—a local fast-food restaurant—to make ends meet. He soon realizes that his goal of conquering Ente Isla is just not enough as he grows determined to climb the corporate ladder and become the ruler of Earth, one satisfied customer at a time! Whether it's part-time work, household chores, or simply trying to pay the rent on time, Hataraku Maou-sama! presents a hilarious view of the most mundane aspects of everyday life, all through the eyes of a hapless demon lord. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story follows the school life of the three girls, Yuzuko, Yukari, and Yui, who join their high school's Data Processing Club. The odd friendship between the three make for wacky humor in even the most mundane of events.  Charley, a cyborg vampire who does the Vatican's dirty work, is the thrall of the local vampire playboy Johnny Rayflo. As the two fight crime—and each other—hilarity, violence and sacrilege ensue! But can Charley resist his own desperate cravings for blood? Find out as the devilish duo go up aginst a childlike vampire princess, a mysterious branch of the Unitarian Church...and one another. (Source: Tokyopop) An OVA bundled with the eighth volume of the Seitokai Series Spinoff novel. The story itself takes place on Valentine's Day where you could see how the second season's heroines handle the awkward situation of giving a gift to the main character, Sugisaki Ken. Onmyoudou magic was once a powerful technique used by the Japanese during the second World War in order for them to gain the upper hand and establish their nation as a formidable force. But Japan was quickly defeated after the revered onmyouji Yakou Tsuchimikado caused the "Great Spiritual Disaster," an event which plagues Tokyo to this very day. As a result of this mishap, the Onmyou Agency was established in order to exorcise further spiritual disasters and combat the demons that would make their way into the world. Now, Onmyoudou has become far more modern, simplified, and refined for use in a wide variety of applications such as medicine and technology. However, not everyone is able to utilize the magic, as is the case with Harutora, a member of the Tsuchimikado's branch family. Despite an old promise to protect Natsume, the heir of the Tsuchimikado's main family and Yakou's supposed reincarnation, as her familiar, Harutora has no talent and chooses to live a normal life instead. But when a prominent member of the Onmyou Agency attempts to recreate the same experiment which led to Japan's downfall, he decides to make good on his word and fight by Natsume's side. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Ro-Kyu-Bu! Kick-Heart is a love story between Romeo, a successful pro-wrestler, and Juliet, a nun who lives a secret double-life as a female pro-wrestler. Romeo's secret is that he enjoys taking a beating in the ring, while Juliet feels invigorated when facing her opponents as a wrestler. When the two meet in the ring, the fireworks fly. Their story is set in the colorful backdrop of the professional wrestling world. Will Juliet reveal her true identity to the one she loves? Will Romeo be able to share his secret to the world? (Source: Kickstarter) After years of fruitless war between the four realms of Gamindustri (Planeptune, Lastation, Lowee and Leanbox) over Share energy, the source of their strength based on how much their people have faith in their goddesses, the four CPUs that rule over them have finally signed a friendship treaty. The treaty bans any attempt at claiming Share energy through military force, in hopes of bringing peace and prosperity to their worlds. Yet, a month after the treaty, Neptune, the CPU Goddess of Planeptune, spends her time goofing off and playing games rather than doing her job, leaving her land's Shares plummeting. Choujigen Game Neptune The Animation follows Neptune and her friends' attempts at raising Shares, while dealing with an external threat that could spell the end of both the Goddesses and Gamindustri itself... The anime adaptation of the four-panel manga "Ai Mai Mii". The story follows girls in a manga club—Ai, Mai, Mii, and Ponoka-senpai—who might be fighting evil invaders threatening Earth, facing off against rivals in tournaments, and dealing with other absurd situations when they are not drawing manga. (Source: ANN) The second season of Yondemasu yo, Azazel-san. Anime adaptation of the surreal gag manga about two high school boys, Ishida and Asakura. Unaired anime bundled with the limited edition of the 9th volume of the manga. The fifth season of Usavich. Natsuo Maki is the most mature of all the dignified young ladies at Fujisaki Girls Academy. As the student president, Maki is revered by all the other young girls for her grace and poise. What happens behind closed doors, though, is an entirely different story. One day, Natsuo decides to practice her kissing technique on a pillow, a move which makes her look neither graceful nor elegant. Unluckily, fellow student "Wild Kid" Riko Kurahashi walks in on her. Luckily, instead of making fun of her, Riko chooses to help her. The two begin a project called the Love Lab , intended to practice the essentials of love and romance. Bumping into each other "accidentally," holding hands, and more "love techniques." Soon the rest of the student council is pulled into the girls' Love Lab, and then the rest of the school. Suddenly the student council's job has expanded to include answering anonymous questions about romance. And it becomes quite clear that many girls at the academy long for a bit of romance in their lives! An OVA of SKET Dance bundled with the 29th volume of the manga, covering chapters 198, 199, and 200. This is a conclusion of some of the events shown in the last episode of the anime series. Kyousuke's younger sister Namika has been living apart from him for ten years. One day, she returns and begins to live with him again, but she has turned into an energetic Osaka girl. Inside the Usagiyama Shopping District lies an eccentric but close-knit community of business owners. Tamako Kitashirakawa, a clumsy though adorable teenage girl, belongs to a family of mochi bakers who own a quaint shop called Tama-ya. One day, Tamako stumbles upon a talking bird that presents himself as royalty from a distant land. Dera Mochimazzi, as he calls himself, states that he’s seeking a bride for his country’s prince. Intent on his mission, Dera follows Tamako home and develops an addiction to mochi, becoming painfully overweight and subsequently unable to fly back to his homeland; thus, he takes up residence with Tamako's family and becomes the community’s beloved mascot. Meanwhile, Tamako's friend, Mochizou Ooji, continues to hide his true feelings for her. Their fathers are fierce mochi rivals, but will it be enough to drive a wedge between Tamako and Mochizou? And just what will happen to Dera's task of finding his prince’s destined bride? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Botan Ichige has just enrolled in St. Asmaria All-Girl's School where angels are said to live. It turns out that angels do indeed live there, and after an accident, an angel named Un offers Botan her halo as a snack. After eating it, Botan discovers it had some bizarre side-effects, causing her to regularly "give birth" to colorful mushrooms. Is this the life of an angel!? (Source: MU) The 25th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongside the 16th movie of the Pokemon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes! Season 2: Shinsoku no Genosect". The 16th Pokemon movie and the 3rd "Best Wishes!" movie. Having freed a myriad of women from the runaway spirits possessing their hearts, the "God of Conquest" Keima Katsuragi is confronted with a new task: find the Jupiter Sisters, the goddesses that sealed Old Hell in the past. Diana, the goddess that resides inside his childhood friend Tenri Ayukawa, explains that they have taken shelter in the hearts of the girls he had assisted previously. Moreover, once Diana and her sisters are reunited, their power can seal the runaway spirits away for good and relieve Keima of his exorcising duties. Though he is initially reluctant to get involved in yet another chore, everything changes when tragedy befalls one of the hosts. Discovering that the goddesses are being targeted by a mysterious organization known as Vintage, Keima is caught in a race against time to reunite the sisters and rescue the girl who has already fallen prey. With deeper resolve than ever before, Keima works together with demons Elsie and Haqua to recapture the hearts of the girls he had charmed in the past. However, the road ahead is a difficult one, as he is soon met with the consequences of his previous conquests. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Direct continuation of the previous season. Full CG series about a 3 fairies who ramble over about random subjects in 3 locations. Shinobu Oomiya once left Japan to participate in a homestay in England. During her time there, she became close friends with Alice Cartelet, the daughter of the family she was living with. However, when it was time for Shinobu to return to Japan, the two were able to express their sorrow despite the language barrier between them. Five years later, now a first year student in high school, Shinobu receives a letter by air mail in a language she does not understand. This letter is penned by none other than Alice, detailing her own homestay in Japan. In fact, Alice will be attending Shinobu's high school and living with her! Alongside their friends Youko Inokuma, Aya Komichi, and Karen Kujou, the five girls attend school together and learn about what their different cultures have to offer, day after day. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Episode 13 that was included on the Blu-ray. 15-year-old Tomoko Kuroki is a budding hikikomori—a shut-in who spends her time playing dating sims and watching anime. But even a lifetime of experience wooing virtual boys can't prepare her for the greatest challenge of all: high school. Everyday life is a terrifying journey for Tomoko, fraught with hidden judgments and secret surprises. Her anxiety makes social interaction nigh impossible, but she's determined to figure it out. Will she make friends? Become popular? Maybe even meet a real-life cute guy? Find out in WataMote ! The characters of Tonari no Kaibutsu-kun return for an anime original story in a parallel universe. The story revolves around William, an aristocratic family's progeny with rare intellect. One day, his uncle lost his possessions after his business failed. Fearing that his family's name has been tarnished, William returns home and searches with his family's butler for anything that can be converted into cash. A search of the premises yields an underground room left by an ancestor. In the room is a magical seal, and William unintentionally summons a devil. The summoned devil tells William his name Dantalion, and reveals that William is the designator who can choose the acting ruler of the demon world. (Source: ANN) With the Interhigh Championship finally over, Seirin's basketball team refocuses their efforts, training harder than ever to get the chance to participate in the Winter Cup. Both Kuroko and Kagami see old friends walk back into their lives, providing a challenge both on and off the court. As new skills are developed and new alliances created, enemies from various teams—giants of high school basketball such as Yousen, Shuutoku and Touou—stand in the way of Seirin's steadfast attempts to get to the top. All of these schools prove to be formidable foes whose abilities progress exponentially, while Kuroko struggles to find a balance between his resolve to play as part of a team and his desire to win. With old wounds reopening, new challenges to face on the court, and a new set of foes—the "Uncrowned Kings"—vowing to defeat the new hopefuls, will Seirin ever be able to achieve their dream of beating the Generation of Miracles? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime shorts are set in the fictional Line Corporation with a motley crew of idiosyncratic workers. There is the narcissistic section head and president's son James, the subsection head Moon (who is always gone somewhere but somehow gets his work done), the quiet but kindhearted subsection head Brown, and the subordinate Connie who is in an endless loop of yo-yo diets and weight gains. (Source: ANN) In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN) Mukoujima Takurou is a lonely teenager who spends his time fishing at the pier and, to his incredible surprise, fishes up Muromi, a mermaid. Muromi first off doesn't realize she's a mermaid until she meets Takurou. Not only that, she is incredibly dense and crazy and has a drinking problem to top it off. Now every time Takurou goes fishing, Muromi appears and makes life interesting for him. (Source: MU) Episode 23.5 bundled with BD/DVD volume 8. The episode covers Kuroko's past, when he was part of the "Generation of Miracles." Yuugo Hachiken is studious, hard-working, and tired of trying to live up to expectations he just cannot meet. With the ushering in of a brand new school year, he decides to enrol in Ooezo Agricultural High School, a boarding school located in the Hokkaido countryside, as a means to escape from the stress brought upon by his parents. Initially convinced that he would do well at this institution, Hachiken is quickly proven wrong by his talented classmates, individuals who have been living on farms their entire lives and know just about everything when it comes to food, vegetables, and even the physiology of livestock! Whether it be waking up at five in the morning for strenuous labor or to take care of farm animals, Hachiken is a complete amateur when it comes to the harsh agricultural life. Gin no Saji follows the comedic story of a young student at as he tries to fit into a completely new environment, meeting many unique people along the way. As he struggles to appreciate his surroundings, Hachiken hopes to discover his dreams, so that he may lead a fulfilling life on his own terms. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with Hiiro no Kakera Taizen, a comprehensive illustration book on the six-year history of Idea Factory's Hiiro no Kakera romance game franchise, the OVA reveals the private lives of the five main characters. Episode 13, included in the final volume of the BD/DVD. Taking place directly after the events of "Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai!", Christmas is coming up and Rikka is told by Nibutani that this is an opportunity for her to get closer to Yuuta. Under Makoto's suggestion, they plan a Christmas party at Sanae's Mansion. Taking place after the events that occurred in Hayate no Gotoku! Can't Take My Eyes off You. Hayate, Nagi and Maria return to their daily lives at the Sanzenin Mansion and the Violet Mansion. (Source: Hayate no Gotoku! Wikia) Apparitions, oddities, and gods continue to manifest around Koyomi Araragi and his close-knit group of friends: Tsubasa Hanekawa, the group's modest genius; Shinobu Oshino, the resident doughnut-loving vampire; athletic deviant Suruga Kanbaru; bite-happy spirit Mayoi Hachikuji; Koyomi's cutesy stalker Nadeko Sengoku; and Hitagi Senjogahara, the poignant tsundere. Monogatari Series: Second Season revolves around these individuals and their struggle to overcome the darkness that is rapidly approaching. A new semester has begun and with graduation looming over Koyomi, he must quickly decide the paths he will walk, as well as the relationships and friends that he'll save. But as strange events begin to unfold, Koyomi is nowhere to be found, and a vicious tiger apparition has appeared in his absence. Tsubasa Hanekawa has become its target, and she must fend for herself—or bow to the creature's perspective on the feebleness of humanity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story centers around Amaya, Iwasawa, and Uehara—three "annoying, spirited high school girls with zero motivation"—and their classmates. Their daily life is "what happens when there is nothing happening." (Source: ANN)  In this new series, Satoshi, Pikachu and friends start a new journey towards the "White Ruins." There, they meet the young "N", who can hear the voices from Pokémon's hearts... The door of truth leading to an Utopia for Pokémon and humans now lies open! (Source: AniDB) The story of the anime is set in the year Mobile Century 8013. It has been over seven millennia since humanity was wiped out on Earth, but the surviving military robots continue to wage war with no end in sight. The war has embroiled the Rebellion Federation that controls Europe and the Principality of Shin centered in Asia. Three young robots stand up to put an end to this futile war. (Source: ANN) 2nd season of Gakkatsu!. When Tatsuhiko Kido moved into his new apartment to begin attending art school, he never imagined that his neighbor would be a perverted, blackmailing female with a voyeurism fetish. Nozoki Ana details the strange relationship between art student Tatsuhiko and Emiru Ikuno, the woman he meets through a crack in his wall. Emiru attempts to draw the reluctant Tatsuhiko into her fetish, ultimately resorting to blackmailing him with pictures in order to keep him involved in her game. Tatsuhiko is now forced to let Emiro spy on him, and is even seduced into peeping on her as well! The cherry on top of the cake is, Tatsuhiko finds out that Emiru is more than just a neighbor; she’s a fellow student whose path he’ll be crossing on a regular basis outside of their voyeuristic arrangement. As their lives continue, they both find that their mutual peeping draws them together in ways larger than they could have anticipated. Whether it be interfering with their respective relationships or watching out for each other’s safety, Emiru and Tatsuhiko are set to embark on a unique friendship with wildly erotic potential. In the film, butterfly warriors suddenly appear in Yamabiko and snatch away Hana Kappa's mother and others. Hana Kappa and his friends head out towards the mystery-filled land of butterflies. They overcome obstacles such as mountains and deserts and along the way, encounter a mysterious boy named Poru. (Source: ANN) Fans of the Milky Holmes detectives, Kazumi and Alice, decide to form their own detective unit, calling themselves "Feathers." (Source: ANN) Special episodes released with the Hetalia: The Beautiful World BD/DVDs. Include 4 episodes: Extra 1: Buon San Valentino - First Part Extra 2: Buon San Valentino - Last Part Extra 3: The Centennial Gift Extra 4: Liechtenstein and the Hedgehog Country Unaired 13th Episode of Yama no Susume released with the BD/DVD. It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired 14th Episode of Mangirl! that was released with the BD/DVD. Unaired episodes of Senyuu. released with BD/DVD volumes. 1. Yuusha, Nagurareru. / Nise Panda no Seitai (Vol. 1) 2. Shitsujichou no Tabi Sono 1 (Vol. 2) 3. Shitsujichou no Tabi Sono 2 (Vol. 3) 4. Gakuen Senyuu.: Seishun Monogatari (Vol. 4) When Fuuka hit her second year of middle school, puberty kicked in. Now she's really tall and has huge boobs. Due to her hairstyle, her classmates call her "Saipu", after the cyclops. Her affection for her older brother was cute when she was a little girl and said she wanted to marry him. Now it just freaks him out, since she's decided she's adult enough to follow through on her childish promises. (Source: MU) Asahigaoka might look like typical, boring countryside to most; however, no day in this village can ever be considered colorless thanks to five students of varying ages occupying the only class in the only school in town. The youngest student is first grader Renge Miyauchi, who brings an unadulterated wit, curiosity, and her characteristic catchphrase, "Nyanpasu!" Then there are the Koshigaya siblings consisting of the quiet ninth grader and elder brother Suguru, diminutive eighth grader Komari, and the mischievous seventh grader Natsumi, whose appearance may fool you at first thanks to her constantly emulating her more mature older sister. The recent arrival of Tokyo-raised fifth grader Hotaru Ichijou, who appears overdeveloped for her age and thus naturally holds an air of maturity, rounds out this lively and vibrant group of five classmates. Based on the manga penned and illustrated by Atto, Non Non Biyori chronicles the not-so-normal daily lives of this group of friends as they engage in their own brand of fun and frolic, and playfully struggle with the realities of living in a rural area. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the 9th volume of the original novel, it is the unaired 13th episode of the TV series. A special unaired episode of Little Busters! sent to those who bought all 9 BD/DVD volumes of the anime. This episode includes the story about "Mask the Saitou." The story is set in Aquafall, a fantasy world abound with water and greenery, and populated by dragons and fairies. Meteorites suddenly bring forth evil creatures that threaten all living things on the planet. The fairy Syrup assembles the Aquafall Defense Force, with three girls of the dragon clans as recruits. The story follows Syrup and the dragon girls Leviathan, Bahamut, and Jörmungandr as they work together to battle enemies and grow up. (Source: ANN) It's a heartwarming and sometimes nonsense comedy about an elementary school boy Tomoo Kinoshita. The anime re-imagines the story with the characters Maya Kitajima and her rival Ayumi Himekawa being delinquent girls who both aspire to be the leader of the "Crimson Goddess" gang. Continuation of the first season. The anime adapted from the manga remake version of the Korean webtoon "A Simple Thinking about Bloodtypes" involving the faceless and nameless characters of four different blood types to discuss about popular anthropomorphized blood types (the stereotypes about the blood types) in Japan and Korea. (Source: ANN) The story follows the daily life of a group of birds, including a duck, an old nihilistic great grey owl, and a gluttonous Caique parrot. (Source: ANN) The anime centers on the graduation of Sae and Hiro. A nonsense comical mystery. Harumi Kazuhito is a high school boy who loves books and is a fan of novelist Natsuno Kirihime. One day, he finds Kirihime writing at a cafe, about to be shot by a robber. He protects her from the attack but is killed instead. Through the supernatural power of a book-worm, he is reincarnated as a dachshund dog. Kazuhito (as a dog) writhes in a painful bookless life, when a sadistic woman carrying a pair of scissors offers him help. She is Kirihime herself. (Source: Dog and Scissors Wiki) The comedy revolves around Sayuri Satou, the new front desk worker at the Sparrow's Hotel—"the closest hotel to Heaven". Her special features are her large breasts and her skills of assassination. She takes down people who cause trouble in the business hotel with those skills, but she is in fact very unskilled when talking to the male hotel manager, and often bites her tongue. (Source: ANN) Bundled with the ninth limited-edition volume of the manga. Promotion video for Naruto Kiriyama's light novel Yonhyakunijuu Renpai Girl , commissioned by Enterbrain after Kiriyama won the 14th Entertainment Awards Grand Prize (Entame Taishou) from the publisher's light novel department. After their encounter with Team Plasma, Satoshi, Iris and Dent start a new journey in the Decolora Islands. Limited edition episode included with pre-orders for the 13th and 18th light novel volumes. Episodes 1-3 focus on Dera welcoming ladies to his bar. Episodes 4-6 focus on Choi-chan. Due to a tragic accident, Banri Tada is struck with amnesia, dissolving the memories of his hometown and past. However, after befriending Mitsuo Yanagisawa, he decides to move on and begin a new life at law school in Tokyo. But just as he is beginning to adjust to his college life, the beautiful Kouko Kaga dramatically barges into Banri's life, and their chance meeting marks the beginning of an unforgettable year. After having a glimpse of college life, Banri learns that he is in a new place and a new world - a place where he can be reborn, to have new friends, fall in love, makes mistakes and grow. And as he begins to discover who he was, the path he has chosen leads him towards a blindingly bright life that he will never want to forget. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kyoto has been populated by groups of tanuki and tengu for years, living alongside humans who are oblivious to the existence of these creatures. Yasaburou Shimogamo is the third son of an influential tanuki family who spends his carefree days taking care of an old tengu, observing humans through his ability to shapeshift, and dealing with the mysterious woman named Benten. Behind the peace and tranquility, however, is a painful memory from long ago as Yasaburou's father, head of the tanuki community, was killed and eaten by a group of humans known as the Friday Fellows. Uchouten Kazoku follows the trials and tribulations of the Shimogamo brothers as they struggle to avoid their own grisly demise while coming ever closer to unraveling the truth behind their father's death. [Written by MAL Rewrite] During the events of the original Rozen Maiden , after circling "yes" on a paper and agreeing to wind an unknown  "something," a traumatized Jun Sakurada fights alongside the lifelike dolls known as the Rozen Maidens. But what would have happened if Jun had circled "no"? Jun, having gotten over his school trauma from his younger days, spends his time attending college and working in a bookstore. However, he does not feel as though he belongs anywhere. One day, he finds a book containing instructions on how to make a Rozen Maiden. Mysteriously, when he arrives home that night, the second volume in the book series has been delivered to his house, along with some pieces of a doll. But as suddenly as they started arriving, the books stop coming, and Jun gets a notice that says that the books have ceased being published. With an incomplete doll in hand, and a message from his other self in another world, this Jun also finds his way into the world of the Rozen Maidens. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Third season of Recorder to Randoseru. New Glass no Kamen movie. Imagine if three people suddenly found themselves as civil servants of the city Mitsuba. What sort of personalities and drives would they have to push them to seek out such careers? Lucy Yamagami, a serious young woman assigned to the Welfare Administrative Section, intends to use the job as a means of settling a vendetta against another civil servant. Yutaka Hasebe, a flirtatious young man assigned to the First Section of the Welfare Department, intends to slack off whenever he can and have a good time. And Saya Miyoshi, a college graduate assigned to the Second Section of the Welfare Department, intends to simply get through the first job she's had in her life as best she can. Servant x Service follows these three newcomers starting their jobs as government employees under their supervisor, Taishi Ichimiya, who is utterly clueless about how to direct them—despite having worked there for the last eight years. Nevertheless, he welcomes them as fellow civil servants and encourages them to work themselves like dogs for the sake of the citizens. We follow their day-to-day lives as they experience the rigors of government employment, including dealing with regulations, office romances, paperwork, and being the nearest punching bags when citizens need something to complain about. Second season of Teekyu series. A bonus episode aired on Tokyo MX a week after episode 12. Asakura asks why they're still there when the anime was supposed to end last week. Featuring characters from NHN's popular app such as Moon, Brown, Connie, James, Jessica, and Sally living  happily together in Line Town. Sakamichi Onoda is an otaku who just wants to find more people to join the recently disbanded anime club with him. However, when a couple cyclists spy his skill in riding the bulky mamachari bike he's had since youth, they attempt to convince him to join the bicycle racing club instead. An OVA bundled with the 29th volume of the comic book. Sakamichi Onoda is a cheerful otaku looking to join his new school's anime club, eager to finally make some friends. Unfortunately, the club has been disbanded and he takes it upon himself to revive it by finding students who are willing to join. Without much luck, Onoda decides to make a round trip to Akihabara on his old, bulky city bicycle, a weekly 90-kilometer ride he has been completing since fourth grade. This is when he meets fellow first year student, Shunsuke Imaizumi, a determined cyclist who is using the school's steep incline for practice. Surprised by Onoda's ability to climb the hill with his specific type of bicycle, Imaizumi challenges him to a race, with the proposition of joining the anime club should Onoda win. And thus begins the young boy's first foray into the world of high school bicycle racing! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Riki and his friends have been managing to form a complete team for the Little Busters baseball team and after overcoming some of its new members' internal conflicts, Riki and Rin slowly approach the "secret of this world." Will they be ready for the truth? In this world devoid of logic, something has started to move and soon will come the time when the lives of the Little Busters will change forever. (Source: Koi-nya, edited) Sequel to the previous season. Second season of Infinite Stratos . This short movie that was screened simultaneously with a Anpanman movie - Sore Ike! Anpanman: Tobase! Kibou no Handkerchief . 25th Anpanman movie. Screened simultaneously with Minna de Teasobi: Anpanman to Itazura Obake . This is a series of animated flash-shorts produced on NTV's ZIP! television programs starting on April 8, 2013. It is set to replace ZIP!'s previous anime shorts Ohayo Ninja Tai-Gatchaman shorts based on Science Ninja Team Gatchaman. Mazinger ZIP! features the same characters from the original series involved in a series of small comedic sketches. (Source: Mazinger Wiki) Gougou, the man who deals with himself, strangers and the society as a whole at his own pace. He tends to confuse his surroundings beginning with his unique name, but surprisingly his job is upholding law and order as policeman; however, his way of life as modern time policeman leaves his superiors, civilians and even criminals dumbfounded. It's the new type of police comedy the Heisei-era has brought forth. (Source: Translation from NicoNico Douga, edited) An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard. In a town far away, Lucy, Natsu and Happy, from Mashima's Fairy Tail manga, are on a mission to find a troublemaker and deal with her. Due to unknown circumstances they get separated. The same happens to Elie and Haru, from Mashima's Rave Master manga. Lucy and Elie manage to meet each other and together they try to find their respective partners. Special episode bundled with the BD. It is a cross over between the series Lupin III and Detective Conan and takes place after the television special Lupin the 3rd vs Detective Conan. The plot follows Conan Edogawa who sets out to apprehend Arsène Lupin III, the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire. (Souce: Wikipedia) Bundled with the tenth limited-edition volume of Blood Lad manga. Another college semester begins and the returning members of Genshiken attempt to recruit new club members. Three new members join the club, attracted by Ogiue's BL drawings. She welcomes the new members but fears the club will become a "fujoshi" haven for yaoi fans and is getting a bit too far removed from it's original purpose. (Source: ANN) The surreal, comical television anime follow the daily life of Clinoppe and an office lady named Onei-san. (Source: ANN) Based on GREE's Odoriko Clinoppe Creature-Raising Game. When a friend asks Natsuki what high school club she's going to join, she cheerfully responds "the go-home club" (meaning, she's not going to join any of them). However, she soon realizes that this club actually exists at her high school, and she's just expressed interest in joining it! Before she knows it, she ends up as one of the two new members of "the go-home club," which is a small group of eccentric school girls. One of the girls likes fighting bears, while another is ridiculously rich. But what exactly constitutes the activities of "the go-home club"? (Source: MangaHelpers) In a town where humans and demons co-exist, it takes more than a normal police force to maintain the peace. Enter the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office, a fantastic foursome of unique teenagers, each gifted with an amazing super power! "Tsuki ni Naku" will take the story content from volume 11 of the manga, which features a visit to a onsen by the members of the Hiizumi Life Councelling Office, while the town's police force have to deal with a new youkai-hunter threat. This OVA is bundled with the limited edition of the manga (14th, 15th, and 16th). Haruka Nanase has a love for water and a passion for swimming. In elementary school, he competed in and won a relay race with his three friends Rin Matsuoka, Nagisa Hazuki, and Makoto Tachibana. After claiming victory at the tournament, the four friends went their separate ways. Years later, they reunite as high school students; however, Rin couldn't care less about returning to the way things used to be. Not only does he attend a different school, but the sole thing important to him is proving that he is a better swimmer than Haruka. After the bitter reunion, Haruka, Nagisa, and Makoto decide to form the Iwatobi High School Swim Club, but they will need a fourth member if they hope to take part in the upcoming tournament. Enter Rei Ryuugazaki, a former member of the track team whom Nagisa recruits. As the time to compete draws near, the four develop a close bond while training intensely to come out on top and settle things between Haruka and Rin once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Senyuu. This story is about the dog named Chocotan who has the ability to speak with humans in the human language. Nao, her owner, likes a guy named Arima. Arima has a dog named Hatsupi. On Hatsupi's birthday, Nao makes biscuits that are edible for both dogs and humans. Nao and Chocotan bump into Arima and Hatsupi on the sidewalk and Nao runs away before she can summon the courage to give the biscuits to Arima. Chocotan encourages Nao and she makes up her mind to go back and give the biscuits to Arima. Now then, will she be able to approach Arima while she's not even able to talk casually to him? And how about Chocotan's secret? - The Story about the talking dog and her Owner's clumsy-love-story! (Source: Huffy Parfait Scans) Two OVA episodes bundled with the 16th volume of the manga. One of the included episodes is based on the story from the 15th volume, while the other contain an all-new original story. (Source: ANN) Dreaming of becoming a hero and vanquishing the Demon King, Raul Chaser enters the Hero Training Program in pursuit of his ambition. However, when the Demon King is defeated and peace returns to the world, the Hero Training Program is suspended indefinitely, making it impossible for anyone to become a hero. Two years later, Raul reluctantly works at a small electronics store called Magic Shop Leon. Though the former hero-in-training is plagued by the mundanity of working in retail, everything changes with the arrival of a new hire. Appearing at first to be just a boy with good looks, "he" turns out to be a female demon by the name of Fino Bloodstone. She is not just any old demon either—Raul's new coworker is in fact the daughter of the late Demon King! Handed the responsibility of training this eccentric new employee, Raul soon finds his life becoming livelier than it ever was before. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After the murder of her father, Ryuuko Matoi has been wandering the land in search of his killer. Following her only lead—the missing half of his invention, the Scissor Blade—she arrives at the prestigious Honnouji Academy, a high school unlike any other. The academy is ruled by the imposing and cold-hearted student council president Satsuki Kiryuuin alongside her powerful underlings, the Elite Four. In the school's brutally competitive hierarchy, Satsuki bestows upon those at the top special clothes called "Goku Uniforms," which grant the wearer unique superhuman abilities. Thoroughly beaten in a fight against one of the students in uniform, Ryuuko retreats to her razed home where she stumbles across Senketsu, a rare and sentient "Kamui," or God Clothes. After coming into contact with Ryuuko's blood, Senketsu awakens, latching onto her and providing her with immense power. Now, armed with Senketsu and the Scissor Blade, Ryuuko makes a stand against the Elite Four, hoping to reach Satsuki and uncover the culprit behind her father's murder once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Mizusawa Karuta Club prepares for the cultural festival. Anime original episode bundled with the limited edition of the Yahari Game demo Ore no Seishun Love Come wa Machigatteiru. PlayStation Vita game set to be released this summer. The "loosely science-fiction adventure" is set in the summer sometime in the 21st century. Tokyo's Shinjuku ward has become a wasteland, void of all humans due to an unexplained catastrophe. What remains are these strange creatures such as "Donyatsu," the half-cat, half-doughnut hybrid, and "Begaru," a feline bagel composite. (Source: ANN) Extra episodes of bundled with Blu-rays and DVDs and the limited edition 5th manga volume.  Episodes 14–16 of OreImo 2 which finish adapting the OreImo novels. Movie for the Shimajirou children's series. Summary of the first season of the show, as seen from Rikka's perspective with new elements. Specials bundled with the BD/DVD volumes. Specials bundled with each of all five Blu-ray/DVD volumes. The story arcs aboard the Straw Hat Crew's first ship Going Merry (Merry Go in some adaptations) are recreated with brand-new animation, from Luffy and Usopp's fight and Robin's disappearance to the crew's final farewell to the ship. Going Merry is treated as another member of the Straw Hats as Luffy, Zoro, Nami, and the rest of the crew set sail for the legendary treasure, the One Piece. (Source: ANN) The story is about girls who face a battle against the turning point of their lives. Bundled with the limited edition of the 6th volume of the manga. The story re-imagines the cast of the Fate/Zero as cute super-deformed characters who open a café, led by Saber as the manager. (Source: ANN) The story centers around Ribbon-chan, a girl struggling with English who becomes a magical girl when she makes a contract with a self-described familiar named Toner. She aims to become a super heroine who can fill the Tokyo Dome arena with her singing and dancing. (Source: ANN) For Kanade Amakusa, life as a high schooler should have been normal, and it would have been—if he wasn't living with the most ridiculous curse imaginable. “Absolute Choice," a system forced upon him by a self-proclaimed god, randomly presents a mental selection of actions that he must act out based on his choice. To add to his dilemma, it tends to occur in the most public of places, and his options never seem to deviate from the rude and crude in nature. As a result, the helpless boy stresses through each day, fumbling to repair his already tarnished reputation while desperately praying to avoid the next spontaneous episode of Absolute Choice. To his dismay, the one in charge is always one step ahead of him and proceeds to not-so-subtly "choice" him into the lives of several girls at his school. Just when Kanade's school life can’t seem to be doomed any further, a decision that he reluctantly selects on the way home sends a beautiful girl crashing down from the sky, along with the promise of more hysterically hellish choices. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode included in the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volumes. Haruka is busy working at the agency so she can't help the idols with the preparations for the Christmas Party held by Shining Agency. A lot of memories and information are revealed while Starish is preparing for the party. Specials included on DVDs and Blu-rays. The story revolves around the daily misadventures of 5 glasses-wearing high school boys who are members of the "Glasses Club" and their antics resulting from their shared passion for eyewear, most especially, their ultimate goal to make functioning "X-ray glasses." (Source: Zinc-view, Wikipedia) Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An episode of Ketsuekigata-kun that acts as an advertisment for Ketsuekigata-kun and Teekyuu DVDs aired in Ketsuekigata-kun's regular time slot a week after episode 12. The anime revolves around little creatures called "Kakusen" who live in the skin pores of humans. (Source: ANN) The beautiful and tall Kohinata Nijika, a 6th grade kid who doesn't look her age and daughter of an office chief of a TV station, avoids the entertainment world since her mom, a legendary actress, died from a sickness. Hiding the truth about her family, Nijika keeps another secret. The fact that she's living with the prince-like actor, Ichinose Touya, may create a ruckus if it is discovered. Running for another errand, Nijika, together with her pet Kapitama-kun, coincidentally run into a drama set that's lacking an actress due to food poisoning. She volunteers for the role and... Inspired by hero shows and his own grandfather, driven by an unfaltering sense of justice, one man stands up for what is right. By day, he is superstar model Masayoshi Hazama. By night, he is Samurai Flamenco ! His outfit may be handmade and cheesy, and his fighting skills might be nonexistent, but that doesn’t stop Masayoshi. He’ll clean this city of crime, one misdemeanor at a time－as soon as the bad guys start taking him seriously. Masayoshi might start out as a nobody, but he doesn’t let that stop him. Before he knows it, his vigilante alter-ego has gained the attention of quite a number of people. Joined by good-guy cop Hidenori Goto, a J-pop star trio, an actor and martial artist master, and a motley crew of other characters, Masayoshi lives out his dream of becoming a tokusatsu superhero. But the dream is about to turn into a nightmare. Samurai Flamenco’s crime-fighting ways escalate quickly from preventing littering and petty theft to insane adventures and the fate of the world resting squarely on his costumed shoulders. What makes a true hero? Masayoshi is about to find out. Having a light novel author father and an eroge illustrator mother, Kanou Shinichi is a thoroughbred otaku. However he does not have any special power except for his broad knowledge, sharp insight, and impeccable instinct about "MOE" and its products, from manga to anime to games to light novel to figures. One day he found himself transported to a fantasy world where elves live and dragons fly. And he is given a task—not to fight monster or embark on a quest, but to enhance cultural exchange by becoming a "moe missionary" in this fantasy world! He meets a palace guard who has a bit of fujoshi taste, a half-elf maid, and the empress who is a little girl. He comes up with the idea of building a school. At first it runs as a comedy but later there are serious matters that Shinichi needs to face: ethnic discrimination, social problems, conflict with neighboring countries, sabotage by opposition elements including Japanese government, etc. Can he overcome the obstacles, successfully bring "moe" culture to the fantasy world, and help the people there as well? Shingeki no Kyojin Picture Drama  is a series of Flash animated gag shorts included with the Blu-ray Disc/DVD releases, featuring the characters in chibi form. Consisting of nine episodes, this series takes a light hearted and comedic take on the the SNK series with many memorable scenes and dialogues from the original series presented in humorous way. Each episodes depicts 2-3 days in the training of the 104th Trainee Corps as they train to become the hope for mankind in the war against the Titans. A new special mini corner airing after the rebroadcast version of TV series. Unaired ep.13 included on BD/DVD. Anime adaptation of the Saiki Kusuo no Ψ-nan manga by Asou Shuichi, telling the story about a male high school student named Kusuo Saiki. He possesses supernatural powers that cause unfortunate events in his everyday life. (Source: ANN) School Life of Hakusai and her friends. Produced by Lamaze P (ラマーズP) in collaboration with Studio Piapro and broadcasted on Nico Nico. A comedy-filled filler with a plot revolving around the two Uchiha Brothers, Mangekyo Sharingan, chickens, and fried eggs. Yoshida-kun and members of the Eagle Talon secret society step up to defend the humankind from evil invaders. Three main characters — Zorori, Ishishi, and Noshishi — get a letter from their friend (a dinosaur mother) to come see some dinosaur eggs because they are going to hatch soon. When they get to the legendary dinosaur island, they are greeted with a warm welcome. However, a huge typhoon hits the island and the eggs go missing. Zorori goes on a quest to save the eggs and have them safely returned to their families. (Source: ANN) Japanese Featherweight Champion Makunouchi Ippo has defended his title belt once more with the help of his devastating signature move: the Dempsey Roll. However, new challengers are rising up left and right, claiming to have an answer for the move responsible for crushing his opponents. Will Ippo be able to step up to the challenge, or will the weight of his pride destroy him before he finds out just what it means to be strong? Meanwhile, fellow Kamogawa Gym mate Aoki Masaru is just a hop, skip, and a Frog Punch away from claiming his own belt, ready to take on the Japanese Lightweight Champion! Hajime no Ippo: Rising continues Ippo's quest to become stronger, featuring the same cast of loveable dimwits from Kamogawa Gym, as they put their bodies and hearts on the line to make their way in the harsh world of professional boxing. With a will of iron, Ippo steps into the ring once again. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the 25th volume of Kuroko no Basket manga. The anime based on the Baka Ja Katenai no yo (バカじゃ勝てないのよ) story that was featured in the manga's fifth volume. (Source: ANN) Specials bundled with the DVD/BDs. Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S specials that were released on Blu-ray and DVD volumes. Continuation of the gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) Class 3-E is getting ready for their class trip to Kyoto, and Koro-sensei is as excited as ever! Nagisa is in a group with Kaede, Karma, Tomohito, Manami, and the class idol Yukiko Kanzaki. The students are aware of the fact that this is a great opportunity to assassinate Koro-sensei, but they cannot help having great time with him. However, the trip becomes even more exciting and dangerous when they get attacked by a bunch of delinquents who kidnap the girls. As if that is not enough, there is a hired sniper named Red Eye lurking around, ready to be the one who would assassinate Koro-sensei and claim the prize. Can the students of Class 3-E rely on Koro-sensei even now? Promotion videos for Kenichi Kuroi's web manga "Waanabi.jk", commissioned by Studio DEEN. The story involves two pairs of teenage elder sister and younger brother, the Shinmoto's who are a bit narcissistic and the Saitou's who look a bit mysterious. It follows their everyday life in school and at home. (Source: MAL News) In the new series, Miraitchi and Kururutchi, twin sisters who dream of becoming designers, travel from the future back in time to modern-day Dream Town. (Their names are a wordplay on the Japanese words for "future" and "miracle.") To get back to the future, they must collect all eight Dreambakutchi — mysterious Tamagotchi who have escaped throughout the town. Mametchi joins Miraitchi and Kururutchi on their mission to find the Dreambakutchi, but then, an enigmatic Tamagotchi named X-Kamen (X-Mask) appears. (Sourse: ANN) Short specials featuring chibi versions of OreImo characters, included on the first limited editions of the OreImo Season 2 BD/DVD volumes. Special episodes included in BD. On the first day as a transfer student, Betao comes to meet one girl. Her name is... Kuuki Yominashi! (Her initials "KY" mean "being unable to read the situation/mood.") When Betao with glasses and Kuuki with skippers meet with each other, the gears of fate starts to spin. The contemporary story, intersecting lives; a story of duty, human nature and friendship. Let's begin the story of a KY-style high school girl Kuukichan! (Source: AnimeBancho) "Miss Monochrome" is an original character design from seiyuu Horie Yui. In March 2012, she first used the "Miss Monochrome" character as a 3D virtual singer to sing her songs at her concert "Horie Yui wo Meguru Bouken III ~Secret Mission Tour~." Later, the character appeared in a range of merchandise as well as in the social network game "Girlfriend (Beta)." According to the setting, Miss Monochrome loves only the monochrome style, dislikes all kinds of color, and always dreams about changing the world into her favorite monochrome color. (Source: MAL News) Bundled with the franchise's Kill Me Baby Super Best Album CD (キルミーベイベー・スーパー). OAD adapted eight previously unanimated story episodes from Kazuho's original manga. (Source: ANN) An extended version of the second season's first episode, which is under the same title. The story is set in Shahalta, a tiny European city-state floating in the air with practically no contact with the outside world for years. The government is transitioning from a monarchy to a republic, and to celebrate the occasion, a national treasure exhibition is being held. Lupin infiltrates the exhibition for the secret royal treasures, but not before sky pirates snatch them first. (Source: ANN) Recap of the first six episodes aired between episode 6-7. Also contains footage from Ro-Kyu-Bu!: Tomoka no Ichigo Sundae OVA. Pokémon are marvelous creatures that come in a variety of types and sizes, with abilities, powers, and personalities as diverse as they are numerous. Doctor Yukinari Ookido has dedicated his life to studying these fascinating beings, that can be caught, trained, traded, and battled against each other. There's only so much he can do from his lab though. With this in mind, Ookido entrusts two young boys with a Pokémon of their own and a computerized encyclopedia to catalog them. One of them, Green, is brash, passionate, slightly arrogant, and Doctor Ookido's own nephew. The other boy, Red, is equally passionate, and filled with a wide-eyed, mildly naive sense of wonder. Pokémon: The Origin follows Red in his journey through the region of Kanto in his attempt to complete his "Pokédex" by capturing and cataloging all the Pokémon that exist. Along the way he'll discover there's more to himself and his goals than he originally thought. Red will have to put both himself and his Pokémon to the test in special Gyms whose leaders are steps along the way to the Pokémon League, in order to challenge the Elite Four and become a Pokémon League Champion. Aside from his goals to become a Champion, Red has other problems brewing. There are others who capture and train Pokémon for more sinister reasons, with the infamous criminal organization Team Rocket being one of them. If Red can defeat them, fellow trainers, his rival Green, and wild Pokémon all through Kanto, he just may fulfill his own dream, and Doctor Ookido's as well. Second Minami-ke OVA bundled with the 11th volume of the manga. Chiaki, Kana, and Haruka decide how to spend their last few days of summer together.  Kana struggles to finish her homework. The comedy story follows the title character, who is regarded by himself and others as the best hit man in Japan. He goes by the motto, "If I have an assignment, I will kill anything." However, his "killing" assignments have expanded to include everything from summer vacation homework to housekeeping. "The hit man never fails to kill the target. Though he does not aim to, he also never misses the laughter." (Source: ANN) Shiraishi Urara is the top student in her school. One day, due to an accidental kiss, Urara finds herself in the body of the school delinquent, Yamada Ryuu! In trying to switch back to their own bodies, Urara and Ryuu discover that kissing causes them to switch bodies, which leads to their discovery that there are 7 witches in their school. They soon try to uncover the identities of the 7 witches... (Source: AniDB) Animated adaptation of old Japanese folk tales with the modern twists by Keiko Sootome. Based on the same name gag yonkoma manga by Tenho Iwatani. Third season of Teekyuu series. It will be about the daily life of a big family of mushrooms living together. It is year 40XX in the Universal Era. The story takes place on Jinmen planet which is quite far away in the universe. This is a passionate tale about a human-faced dog and his troubled comrades. (Source: Anime Bancho) Dent and Takeshi! Gyarados's Outrage!! is the first spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia) An everyday scene at a maid cafe takes a turn for the unusual. Based on the Ninja Awate-maru comedy manga by Jirou Tsunoda. YouTuber-kun meeting different YouTube celebrities. Each of the six BD/DVDs will include one short. They will feature the characters in a "slighly risqué" light not seen in the main story. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Features 5 nurses working at the secret service at International Medical Center. (Source: CDJapan) Short specials included in the Blu-ray release. Each of the episodes will have the female main characters cast as Chibi Angels who hold a trial for a different character of the series. Akihito Kanbara will be the defendant for the first episode. (Source: MAL News) Short specials included on the BD/DVD volumes of Freezing Vibration. Specials that were initially broadcasted as CMs starting in January 2013 and later included in BD/DVD volumes. Prequel special to the Pokemon XY series. Recap episode. A CM produced by A-1 Pictures promoting the manga. (Source: AniDB) Short episodes aired on KyoAni's official YouTube channel. In this series the story continues after Katta Kirifuda defeats the YA.RA.SI band and also gains back his popularity by defeating Leo and his sidekick Nai Minamimo. In this series Katta will use a new race of Outrage creatures against the opposing new race of Oracle deck users. Also in the creature world a new time era will start off. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) An incarnation of the Peeping Life franchise covers Tezuka anime characters and Tatsunoko Production anime characters such as Princess Sapphire and Casshern. 2 bonus episodes done as a part of the 100th Anniversary campaign video collaboration with Universal Studios. Episode 1 features E.T. and episode 2 features Jaws. 4 Peeping Life: Tezuka Pro - Tatsunoko Pro Wonderland episodes that did not make it to the official DVD. In the corner of the universe, there was a small planet where creatures called men flourished. Doomsday finally looms near to this planet where destruction and creation have occurred repeatedly. The great king of terror appears from the sky and the mankind faces the end. "Encounters with that kind" is Director Yutaro Sawada's original stop motion animation. (Source: Anime Bancho) A continuation of last season as Shiromeshi-kun continues his attempts at dating and finding refuge in Momoya food toppings. Special Project Gargantia. Special included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 2 BD/DVD release. Specials of the Bakuman. 3 included in the Blu-ray/DVD Box 1 and Box 2. Unaired "Miniature Theater" (the specials inserted at the end of the main episodes) included in the Kitakubu Katsudou Kiroku DVD/BD volumes 2, 3 and 4. Reproduction of ending scenes with the addition of new scenes. Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Short videos shown in theaters before the main movie starts. A brief summary of Kenichi's new life at Ryouzanpaku. Included as a bonus on the DVD volumes of the Shijou Saikyou no Deshi Kenichi OVA. Takahashi is transferred to a main anchor of a news program, which is known for being a little...weird. This is a comedy about somewhat ridiculous happenings occurring at a broadcasting station. (Source: YouTube) Follows an easygoing Scottish Fold's mundane everyday life. Unaired episode 13 included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume of the Recorder to Randoseru Mi☆ series. Picture drama included in the 1st Blu-ray and DVD volumes. Short animations included in the Persona 4 The Animation Collection 2nd DVD Box set. DVD specials of the Donyatsu series. A continuation of the previous season under a new director and new name. Welcome to the concrete jungle, where it’s a struggle to survive among the animals of the city. Watch Jake the bear, Jenny the cat and their cast of slightly crazy friends as they live, love and try to stay sane in a wild world. (Source: Official website) In this ukiyoe-style flash anime, Isobe Isobee is a lazy, slacker samurai with big dreams. He lives with his mother, who thinks highly of him. He lays around the house, sneakily looks at Edo-period pornography without his mother noticing, naps at school, but he plans to become a respectable samurai one day! (Source: MangaHelpers, edited) Three additional episodes of Macross Fufonfia released exclusively on the Digitally Remastered DVD/BD Box Set of Macross Frontier. Collaboration of Peeping Life and JU. Poo, Raa, and Sue promote various things. Episode 1 for example promotes Lupin III TV special and Meitantei Conan's film while episode 3 promotes the Music Dragon LIVE 2013 event. Short animation by Masaki Okuda. A collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope and Takarakuji the nationwide lottery system in Japan in honor of 2013 having the all time highest amount (800 million yen) winnable to date for the lottery system. These episodes were included on season 4's DVD release. A scientist brings a lemon to life to fight crime. A short musical of Hanakappa double-billed with the first film. It aired before the main feature started. Episode 0 of Robot Girls Z . While Rantarou and Fushikizou are out running an errand, Fushikizou happens to spot a mysterious woman who's being chased by some of the Tasogaredoki Castle ninjas. It turns out the woman is actually the disguised leader of the Dokutake Castle ninjas, Hieta Happousai, and the entire Ninjutsu Academy ends up getting involved in the events. A series of shorts focusing on the band Shingan Crimsonz. A series of three shorts focusing on the band Plasmagica. The storyline is unknown but judging from the sneak peek unveiled at the Ostuni Festival, it focuses on a team of heroes battling evil forces with their Top Plate. These heroes include the protagonist red-haired boy owning Blaze Liger, a gray-haired boy with Mortal Shark, a brown-haired boy wielding Rocky Golem, a blonde-haired girl having Antler Goat and a green-haired boy owning Wings Falcon. The evil forces however consist of the antagonist red-haired boy owning Dread Dragon, another red-haired boy owning Reptile Hydra, a red-haired girl owning Poison Scorpion, a blue-haired boy owning Thunder Wolf and a mysterious man. Another red-haired boy will also appear with an unnamed red Top Plate with additional characters. The Top Plates also have a "spirit" in the form of an animal relating to its motif appearing during special attacks. These special moves seem to be activated by their owner using an elemental bow and arrow and shooting it to reveal their spirit. (Source: Top Plate Wikia) Zhiquiang is a young boy who loves playing League of Legends with his friends. Follow his crazy adventures.  Second season of Larva . The kingdom of Gemini is attacked by the evil Queen Halle. The twin princesses of the kingdom are missing, so is the important Night Star Box, which has affected planets including Earth. The fairy Queen had sent Prince YouLe and Sally to Earth, looking for the Night Star Box with the help of Maggie and Michelle. Then the gang found out one of the girls who takes dance lessons with Maggie and Michelle is one of the missing princesses, BeiBei! The mission to find the Night Star Box and the the still missing princess, YaYa, is now on the shoulder of the fairies. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited) Specials included on BlazBlue: Alter Memory Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD vol. 6. Second season of One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes . A music anime made for CBC's Go Go! Smile! TV program. A collaboration between New Japan Pro Wrestling, Inc. and Mameshiba. A collaboration between Bic Camera's new contact lens company "Bic Contact" and Mameshiba. Lentil exchanges his glasses for contacts that give him shoujo-eyes. Animation made for two Makoto Otake Golden Radio bits. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVAs bundled with volumes 42, 43 & 46 of the Aa! Megami-sama! manga. OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Welcome to the Gourmet Age, where happiness is measured by what you eat. In an era in which life revolves around fine cuisine, people will go to great lengths to procure special ingredients which have the power to turn a nice meal into a heavenly delight. However, since these delicious additives usually come from rare, powerful creatures, Gourmet Hunters are called upon to gather them. The International Gourmet Organization has the utmost power in this world, and is responsible for maintaining the balance of the distribution of ingredients worldwide. One day, Chef Komatsu is sent on a mission to locate one of the most renowned Gourmet Hunters in existence, Toriko, and to hire him for a very special job. However, astounded by Toriko's skill and unbelievable passion, what started out as a simple mission gradually grows into a deep friendship. Combine the talents of Gourmet Hunter Toriko, who dreams of creating the ultimate Full Course meal, and Chef Komatsu, who aspires to one day become a Master Chef, and the recipe for success may just be discovered. Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region. Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN) The film will revolve around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess. (Source: ANN) On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second movie of Sora no Otoshimono that concludes the anime series. Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) Makoto Kubota wandered through life, not taking things too seriously or looking too deep within himself. His job as the head of the Izumo Group's youth gang kept him pleasantly occupied with yakuza wars, mahjong and assassinations... Until the day he stumbled upon a strange drug called Wild Adapter that produces bizarre side-effects—including death. Forever changed, Kubota becomes entangled with a drifter named Minoru Tokito, and the two form an unlikely companionship that draws them deeper into the mystery of Wild Adapter... (Source: Tokyopop) Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. Onmyoudou magic was once a powerful technique used by the Japanese during the second World War in order for them to gain the upper hand and establish their nation as a formidable force. But Japan was quickly defeated after the revered onmyouji Yakou Tsuchimikado caused the "Great Spiritual Disaster," an event which plagues Tokyo to this very day. As a result of this mishap, the Onmyou Agency was established in order to exorcise further spiritual disasters and combat the demons that would make their way into the world. Now, Onmyoudou has become far more modern, simplified, and refined for use in a wide variety of applications such as medicine and technology. However, not everyone is able to utilize the magic, as is the case with Harutora, a member of the Tsuchimikado's branch family. Despite an old promise to protect Natsume, the heir of the Tsuchimikado's main family and Yakou's supposed reincarnation, as her familiar, Harutora has no talent and chooses to live a normal life instead. But when a prominent member of the Onmyou Agency attempts to recreate the same experiment which led to Japan's downfall, he decides to make good on his word and fight by Natsume's side. [Written by MAL Rewrite] With the Interhigh Championship finally over, Seirin's basketball team refocuses their efforts, training harder than ever to get the chance to participate in the Winter Cup. Both Kuroko and Kagami see old friends walk back into their lives, providing a challenge both on and off the court. As new skills are developed and new alliances created, enemies from various teams—giants of high school basketball such as Yousen, Shuutoku and Touou—stand in the way of Seirin's steadfast attempts to get to the top. All of these schools prove to be formidable foes whose abilities progress exponentially, while Kuroko struggles to find a balance between his resolve to play as part of a team and his desire to win. With old wounds reopening, new challenges to face on the court, and a new set of foes—the "Uncrowned Kings"—vowing to defeat the new hopefuls, will Seirin ever be able to achieve their dream of beating the Generation of Miracles? [Written by MAL Rewrite] It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The idols of 765 Production continue on their neverending journey—towards a new stage, towards a bright and shiny future! The girls and their producer have gone through thick and thin, and have stood face to face with all kinds of difficulties. It's time again for the girls to foster their friendship, and through great discipline, they step forward to their starry future. (Source: Official website) The story follows the daily life of a group of birds, including a duck, an old nihilistic great grey owl, and a gluttonous Caique parrot. (Source: ANN) Saikin, Imouto no Yousu ga Chotto Okashiinda ga. follows a family just starting to rebuild. When they marry, Mr. and Mrs. Kanzaki bring a teenage son and daughter along for the ride. But high school freshman Mitsuki Kanzaki is less than thrilled. Stinging from a history of absent and abusive father figures, she is slow to accept her stepfather and stepbrother. But after an accident lands Mitsuki in the hospital, she finds herself possessed by the ghost of Hiyori Kotobuki, a girl her age who was deeply in love with Mitsuki's stepbrother Yuuya. Hiyori cannot pass on to her final reward because of her unrequited love for Yuuya, meaning she's got to consummate it... in Mitsuki's body?! Now, Mitsuki's life depends on getting Hiyori to Heaven. But will she get used to sharing herself with a pushy, amorous ghost? Can she overcome her distrust of her new family? Can she bring herself to fulfill Hiyori's feelings for Yuuya? And might she be hiding some feelings of her own? Due to a tragic accident, Banri Tada is struck with amnesia, dissolving the memories of his hometown and past. However, after befriending Mitsuo Yanagisawa, he decides to move on and begin a new life at law school in Tokyo. But just as he is beginning to adjust to his college life, the beautiful Kouko Kaga dramatically barges into Banri's life, and their chance meeting marks the beginning of an unforgettable year. After having a glimpse of college life, Banri learns that he is in a new place and a new world - a place where he can be reborn, to have new friends, fall in love, makes mistakes and grow. And as he begins to discover who he was, the path he has chosen leads him towards a blindingly bright life that he will never want to forget. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kousaku Hata loves idols to the point of obsession. He enjoys their joyful performances and positive songs, which help to make his countryside life a little more exciting. His favorite idol is the beautiful Yuka Kusakabe, who enjoys the admiration of countless fans. However, at what seems to be the peak of her career, Yuka suddenly retires from the entertainment industry, leaving fans in utter shock, particularly Hata. He is devastated to the point where the absence of Yuka in his life changes everything in his daily routine. He becomes depressed, isolates himself from his friends, and neglects almost all of his school activities. However, after being dragged to class by his friends, he is met with nothing short of a miracle—his beloved idol Yuka has transferred into his class, introducing herself as Ringo Kinoshita. In Nourin , Hata’s wildest fantasy has just come true, and he is determined to use this once in a lifetime opportunity to get close to his favorite idol, and to find out what in the world made such a glamorous girl move to the countryside. The original manga revolves around a girl named Yokoi who sits next to a boy only known as Seki-kun. During class, Seki-kun continues to not pay attention and instead creates amazing little distractions, such as a detailed golf course with the course's hole being a dent in his desk, or an entire dramatic war being played out by paper shogi pieces. Yokoi often finds herself getting reluctantly interested in his games, even though they always seem to end up getting HER in trouble with the teacher! (Source: ANN) Sakamichi Onoda is a cheerful otaku looking to join his new school's anime club, eager to finally make some friends. Unfortunately, the club has been disbanded and he takes it upon himself to revive it by finding students who are willing to join. Without much luck, Onoda decides to make a round trip to Akihabara on his old, bulky city bicycle, a weekly 90-kilometer ride he has been completing since fourth grade. This is when he meets fellow first year student, Shunsuke Imaizumi, a determined cyclist who is using the school's steep incline for practice. Surprised by Onoda's ability to climb the hill with his specific type of bicycle, Imaizumi challenges him to a race, with the proposition of joining the anime club should Onoda win. And thus begins the young boy's first foray into the world of high school bicycle racing! [Written by MAL Rewrite] A TV anime remake of the World Fool News ONA. Takahashi is transferred to a main anchor of a news program, which is known for being a little...weird. This is a comedy about somewhat ridiculous happenings occurring at a broadcasting station. (Source: YouTube) Due to various events, Yuuta and Rikka are living together. This secret co-habitation is so exciting for the two lovebirds! Or so it should be... Is having a chuuni girlfriend too high of a hurdle for Yuuta, who never even went out with a normal girl?! Yuuta worries about how to advance his relationship with Rikka. And then everyone else, Nibutani, Kumin, and Dekomori, have powered up by advancing a grade. Furthermore, the cause of his chuunibyou outburst in middle school, the girl who calls herself Sophia Ring Saturn the 7th, Satone Shichimiya appears... This is the long-awaited second season of the adolescent romantic comedy revolving around chuunibyou that makes you laugh and cry. (Source: Animax) After the murder of her father, Ryuuko Matoi has been wandering the land in search of his killer. Following her only lead—the missing half of his invention, the Scissor Blade—she arrives at the prestigious Honnouji Academy, a high school unlike any other. The academy is ruled by the imposing and cold-hearted student council president Satsuki Kiryuuin alongside her powerful underlings, the Elite Four. In the school's brutally competitive hierarchy, Satsuki bestows upon those at the top special clothes called "Goku Uniforms," which grant the wearer unique superhuman abilities. Thoroughly beaten in a fight against one of the students in uniform, Ryuuko retreats to her razed home where she stumbles across Senketsu, a rare and sentient "Kamui," or God Clothes. After coming into contact with Ryuuko's blood, Senketsu awakens, latching onto her and providing her with immense power. Now, armed with Senketsu and the Scissor Blade, Ryuuko makes a stand against the Elite Four, hoping to reach Satsuki and uncover the culprit behind her father's murder once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tatsuko of class 5-1 is really excited about the upcoming school sports festival, her proposal for a new "Eel Scooping" event is less than enthusiastically received though, especially by Suzuka. Illya mentions the main event dance to Miyu, and as teacher Taiga Fujimura points out, it entails a huge reward, but will require quite a bit of practice. And so the close friends: sarcastic Nanaki, level-headed Suzuka, excitable Tatsuko, energetic Illya, shy Mimi, and reserved but athletic Miyu are off to win the dance event for the honour of their class and for Fujimura, who seems to have some saucy bet going on that she most definitely needs to win, or so the girls misunderstand. (Source: AniDB) Raku Ichijou, a first-year student at Bonyari High School, is the sole heir to an intimidating yakuza family. Ten years ago, Raku promised his childhood friend that they would get married when they reunite as teenagers. To seal the deal, the girl had given Raku a closed locket, the key to which she took with her when she left him. Now, years later, Raku has grown into a typical teenager, and all he wants is to remain as uninvolved in his yakuza background as possible while spending his school days alongside his middle school crush Kosaki Onodera. However, when the American Bee Hive Gang invades his family's turf, Raku's idyllic romantic dreams are sent for a toss as he is dragged into a frustrating conflict: Raku is to pretend that he is in a romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive's chief, so as to reduce the friction between the two groups. Unfortunately, reality could not be farther from this whopping lie—Raku and Chitoge fall in hate at first sight, as the girl is convinced he is a pathetic pushover, and in Raku's eyes, Chitoge is about as attractive as a savage gorilla. Nisekoi follows the daily antics of this mismatched couple who have been forced to get along for the sake of maintaining the city's peace. With many more girls popping up his life, all involved with Raku's past somehow, his search for the girl who holds his heart and his promise leads him in more unexpected directions than he expects. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow. Shido Itsuka, who used to be a normal high school student at Raizen High, meets the first Spirit, Tohka, and awakens his power to "seal the Spirit's power". Though they may be feared and hated beings due to their immense power, Spirits were always alone and knew only combat and death. Shido, the only one in the world with the power to seal the Spirits' might, hurls himself into life-threatening dates with the beautiful Spirits in order to save them. (Source: ANN) Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] As the new semester begins at Ooezo Agricultural High School, Hachiken is now used to the tough lifestyle of a rural, agricultural high school. While Hachiken still wonders what he will do in the future, he continues to discover both the harsh and the beautiful realities of the countryside. (Source: ANN) Inspired by hero shows and his own grandfather, driven by an unfaltering sense of justice, one man stands up for what is right. By day, he is superstar model Masayoshi Hazama. By night, he is Samurai Flamenco ! His outfit may be handmade and cheesy, and his fighting skills might be nonexistent, but that doesn’t stop Masayoshi. He’ll clean this city of crime, one misdemeanor at a time－as soon as the bad guys start taking him seriously. Masayoshi might start out as a nobody, but he doesn’t let that stop him. Before he knows it, his vigilante alter-ego has gained the attention of quite a number of people. Joined by good-guy cop Hidenori Goto, a J-pop star trio, an actor and martial artist master, and a motley crew of other characters, Masayoshi lives out his dream of becoming a tokusatsu superhero. But the dream is about to turn into a nightmare. Samurai Flamenco’s crime-fighting ways escalate quickly from preventing littering and petty theft to insane adventures and the fate of the world resting squarely on his costumed shoulders. What makes a true hero? Masayoshi is about to find out. This is a remake of the 1982 film, Doraemon: Nobita's Great Demon , which was written by original Doraemon co-creator Fujiko F. Fujio. (Source: Wikipedia) Japanese Featherweight Champion Makunouchi Ippo has defended his title belt once more with the help of his devastating signature move: the Dempsey Roll. However, new challengers are rising up left and right, claiming to have an answer for the move responsible for crushing his opponents. Will Ippo be able to step up to the challenge, or will the weight of his pride destroy him before he finds out just what it means to be strong? Meanwhile, fellow Kamogawa Gym mate Aoki Masaru is just a hop, skip, and a Frog Punch away from claiming his own belt, ready to take on the Japanese Lightweight Champion! Hajime no Ippo: Rising continues Ippo's quest to become stronger, featuring the same cast of loveable dimwits from Kamogawa Gym, as they put their bodies and hearts on the line to make their way in the harsh world of professional boxing. With a will of iron, Ippo steps into the ring once again. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Hatate Souta is a high school boy, who has an ability to visualize "flags" for future events such as "death flag," "friendship flag," and "romance flag." Despite the flag-viewing ability, he avoids making friends with others due to a trauma he experienced in a ship submergence accident. Twelve beautiful girls get interested in his strange way of living, and they begin to live with him at the school dorm. The story revolves around a new team of "Toei robot girls" named "Team Z" that is made up of three girls based on Toei's Mazinger Z franchise: Mazinger Z, Great Mazinger, and UFO Robot Grendizer. Usually they perform in activities around Nerima ward in Tokyo to raise the awareness of the promising future energy source "Photon Power" (koushiryoku). However, there are times when "Mechanical Beast" team of girls emerge from the "Subterranean Empire" and attempt to steal the energy. Thus "Team Z" has to battle them to prevent this, though sometimes they just go and beat up the "bad girls" to relieve stress. Please note that because in this particular case MAL lists airings, not episodes/chapters/parts, this show is considered to be 3 episodes and not 9. Each of the three airings consisted of three episodes for a total runtime of 27 minutes per airing. The duration on MAL reflects this. No Game No Life is a surreal comedy that follows Sora and Shiro, shut-in NEET siblings and the online gamer duo behind the legendary username "Kuuhaku." They view the real world as just another lousy game; however, a strange e-mail challenging them to a chess match changes everything—the brother and sister are plunged into an otherworldly realm where they meet Tet, the God of Games. The mysterious god welcomes Sora and Shiro to Disboard, a world where all forms of conflict—from petty squabbles to the fate of whole countries—are settled not through war, but by way of high-stake games. This system works thanks to a fundamental rule wherein each party must wager something they deem to be of equal value to the other party's wager. In this strange land where the very idea of humanity is reduced to child’s play, the indifferent genius gamer duo of Sora and Shiro have finally found a real reason to keep playing games: to unite the sixteen races of Disboard, defeat Tet, and become the gods of this new, gaming-is-everything world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kazama Kenji likes to believe he is something of a delinquent. Moreover, others seem to like to agree that he is. Of course, Kenji's gang finds their way to a group of four not-so-normal girls—Chitose, Sakura, Minami and Roka—and all at once, whatever reputation he may have is nothing compared to the outrageous behavior of the girls. Shanghaied into joining their club, what will happen to his everyday life from that point on? (Source: MU) Love is in the air when the story of Sakura Trick begins. Haruka Takayama and Yuu Sonoda were best friends in middle school, and are now attending Misato West High School together. They are assigned to the same class in their first year, but are given seats on opposite sides of the room! If that wasn't enough, it is announced at the entrance ceremony that the school will be closed in three years. This doesn't bother either of them, as they still plan on having lots of fun together during their high school years. Haruka gets jealous of Yuu making new friends though, so the two decide to deepen their bond. "Let's do something we'd never do with other girls," Yuu says, and they share a kiss in a vacant classroom after school one day. After that one kiss leads to many kisses, the two begin to realize that the relationship they share has changed completely. But what will happen to their relationship once a disapproving older sister begins to suspect that something is going on between the two? The universe is a mysterious and strange place, full of even stranger and more mysterious aliens. Dandy's job is to hunt down unclassified aliens and register them for a reward. It sounds easy enough, but something weird always seems to happen along the way, like chance meetings with zombies, mystical ramen chefs, and adorable orphans. Hunting down aliens may not be easy, but it's definitely never boring. With the help of his sidekicks, the adorable robot vacuum QT and cat-like alien Meow, and his slightly-used ship the Aloha Oe, Dandy roams the galaxy searching for new alien species. What he usually finds, however, is adventure, danger, and romance, and no two journeys (or universes) are ever the same. This is Space☆Dandy , baby! Second season of Wooser no Sono Higurashi . Movie adaptation of the Sekaiichi Hatsukoi: Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai BL light novel. Hell is a bureaucracy, and business is running smoother than ever thanks to the demonic efficiency of Hoozuki, chief deputy to Lord Enma, the King of Hell. Whether offering counsel to the Momotarou of Japanese folklore or receiving diplomatic missions from the Judeo-Christian Hell, the demon who runs the show from behind the king's imposing shadow is ready to beat down any challenges coming his way into a bloody pulp. Metaphorically, of course... The poster boy for micromanagement and armed with negotiation skills worthy of Wall Street, Hoozuki no Reitetsu follows the sadistic and level-headed Hoozuki as he spends his days troubleshooting hell. With an abundance of familiar faces from popular Japanese legends and East Asian mythology working middle management positions, this referential and anachronistic dark comedy brings new meaning to the phrase "employer liability." Just how hard could it be to manage employees from hell, anyway? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The 13th episode of the TV anime bundled with the special limited first edition of the 7th manga volume. Clumsy, below average intellect, and shy – these are some of the traits that Inari Fushimi possesses. Despite her shortcomings, she is very considerate of others. She can’t ignore anyone's plea for help! She also has a long time crush on Kouji Tanbabashi, who she admires for being cheerful and always hardworking. The problem is, Inari’s incurable shyness makes it difficult to express her feelings for Kouji. Inari, Konkon, Koi Iroha starts with Inari taking a shortcut to her school. She happens to see a fox pup that’s about to fall to the river. Although she’s running late, she just can’t ignore the pup. Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami, the god of the Inari Shrine, is thankful for Inari’s kindness towards the young fox, who turns out to be a familiar named Kon. To show her gratitude to Inari, she fulfills one of Inari’s wishes. But the fulfillment of the wish only invites trouble. To compensate, Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami bestows Inari a small part of her divine power that gives Inari the ability to transform into anyone at will. Inari now possesses a power of a god, even if it's just a small portion. Otherworldly beings suddenly take an interest in her, for better or worse. What kind of adventure awaits Inari, and will she be able to tell Kouji everything that she has kept in her heart for so long? Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune: The Animation, included in the 7th BD/DVD volume. The magical girls are back, and ready for another round of adventure! After successfully recovering the Class Cards, fifth graders-turned magical girls Illya and Miyu think they can finally take it easy. But as fate would have it, the girls are once again called back into active duty when they find out that the Cards have left some very nasty side effects on their world. However, their seemingly easy mission goes totally awry with the appearance of a dark stranger who looks just like Illya! Who is this new but familiar face, where did she come from, and what does she want from Illya? With the arrival of this new foe, it seems like Illya's finally met her match when her everyday life takes one dark turn! (Source: Crunchyroll) The main additions in "Little Busters! Ecstasy" are 3 heroine routes involving the characters Futaki Kanata, Sasasegawa Sasami and Tokido Saya. The 3 EX heroines' routes take place of the following: Saya's route - Before the events of Refrain. Sasami's route - After the events of Refrain. Kanata's route - First half of her story is before Refrain and second half is after Refrain. The episodes will be bundled with the BD/DVD releases of Little Busters!: Refrain. Just an ordinary teenager, Kobeni Yonomori receives quite the surprise on her 16th birthday—a fiancé and a sister-in-law she never even knew she had. As a result of an arrangement that her late grandfather made, Hakuya Mitsumine and his younger sister Mashiro have moved from their countryside home to the Yonomori household in order to deepen their relationship with their new family members. Mikakunin de Shinkoukei follows Kobeni's "love life" with Hakuya as she tries her best to adjust to the abrupt changes forced upon her. However, as some extraordinary secrets regarding the siblings come to light, Kobeni will find her life changed forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode that was released with volume 9 of the light novel. Raul had always wanted to be a hero, but failed the exams necessary to become one. He reluctantly took a job working at a small electronics store called Magic Shop Leon. His life is dull but busy until a new girl comes applying for a part time job. She's the daughter of the demon king who defeated him in his exam. (Source: Crunchyroll) Inspired after watching a volleyball ace nicknamed "Little Giant" in action, small-statured Shouyou Hinata revives the volleyball club at his middle school. The newly-formed team even makes it to a tournament; however, their first match turns out to be their last when they are brutally squashed by the "King of the Court," Tobio Kageyama. Hinata vows to surpass Kageyama, and so after graduating from middle school, he joins Karasuno High School's volleyball team—only to find that his sworn rival, Kageyama, is now his teammate. Thanks to his short height, Hinata struggles to find his role on the team, even with his superior jumping power. Surprisingly, Kageyama has his own problems that only Hinata can help with, and learning to work together appears to be the only way for the team to be successful. Based on Haruichi Furudate's popular shounen manga of the same name, Haikyuu!! is an exhilarating and emotional sports comedy following two determined athletes as they attempt to patch a heated rivalry in order to make their high school volleyball team the best in Japan. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The ability to create miracles is not just a supernatural phenomenon; it is a gift which manifests in a limited number of human beings. "Minimum," or small miracles, are special powers that only selected people called "Minimum Holders" possess. The detective agency Yokohama Troubleshooting, or Hamatora for short, is composed of the "Minimum Holder PI Duo," Nice and Murasaki. Their office is a lone table at Cafe Nowhere, where the pair and their coworkers await new clients. Suddenly, the jobs that they begin to receive seem to have strange connections to the serial killer whom their friend Art, a police officer, is searching for. The murder victims share a single similarity: they are all Minimum Holders. Nice and Murasaki, as holders themselves, are drawn to the case—but what exactly is the link between Nice and the one who orchestrates it all? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Draw your weapons and take aim, because Sabagebu! is coming at you! Momoka Sonokawa was just minding her own business on the train one day when she encountered a pervert. Before she could do anything about it, a girl named Miou appears, brandishing two pistols and and scaring him off, only to be arrested herself a few minutes later for possessing firearms. Later Momoka sees this same girl at her school and follows her to a run down building. It turns out Miou is the president of the school's Survival Game Club, and it doesn't take long for Miou to capture Momoka and force her into joining them. Over the course of the series, Momoka and her new “friends” will take part in multiple battles against enemies from other schools, a rival from the same school who wants to see the club shut down and even each other (on multiple occasions). With friends and classmates like these, will Momoka even make it to graduation? Animated short with an original story that was screened alongside "Sekaiichi Hatsukoi Movie: Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai." Original short episodes released with volumes 5 and 6 of the BD/DVD. Formerly an all-girl school, Ousai Academy has recently gone co-ed. Enter student council vice president Takatoshi Tsuda, one of Ousai's first male students. He's adapting rather well now that he's in his second year, but there's still a lot to get used to. For example, what do girls talk about when there aren't any guys around? In Seitokai Yakuindomo* , pretty much exactly what you'd expect: sex! Although charged with upholding morality among the student body, the Ousai Student Council is notoriously perverted, especially president Shino Amakusa. As they carry out their duties to the school, Tsuda, Shino, and their fellow council members must balance curiosity with decency and sex jokes with studying. It takes a perv to know one, after all! Hitsugi no Chaika is about the quest of a pretty and charming 14-year old sorceress named Chaika Trabant, who carries a coffin on her back. She is surprisingly adept in casting high-precision spells, but she has no memory of her past. The only thing she knows is to gather the scattered remains of Emperor Gaz. Toru Acura is a Saboteur who relies on his adoptive sister Akari for their food. After the fall of Gaz Empire, he finds it difficult to land a job until he meets Chaika in the woods, and agrees to help her accomplish her quest along with Akari. The unlikely trio sets on the journey with a clear goal in mind, unaware of the dangerous truth. The story revolves around Tomoya Mizuhara, a 13-year-old boy who suddenly gains a big sister when his father remarries. 17-year-old Ichika is a little strange, and her affection for Tomoya is rather overwhelming, if not scary. On top of things, Ichika's friend Ruri is the ultimate sadist. Then there is Ichika's big-breasted quarter-Japanese friend Marina. (Source: ANN) Unaired TV episode bundled with the light novel's volume eight.  What does it take to conquer the world?! Every leader of the past has thought of it... but all they have done was to merely dream of its greatness. World domination... nobody has been able to achieve it. Until one little girl by the name of Kate Hoshimiya came along. Kate Hoshimiya will shock the world! How was she able to carry out such a magnificent stunt? So frightful! So glorious! Could this be... the Zvezda Plot?! Let the light of our great Zvezda shine upon this land far and wide! (Source: Aniplex USA) OVA of Tonari no Seki-kun bundled with the fifth manga volume. Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Learning to ride and tame dragons comes easy to most students at Ansarivan Dragonar Academy—except for first-year student Ash Blake, who is known by his fellow classmates as the "number one problem child." Poor Ash is the laughing stock at school because, despite his unfashionably large star-shaped brand that marks him as a future dragon master, he has nothing to show for it. His dragon has never appeared. Until now, that is. One fateful day, Ash's dragon awakes in full glory, but appears different than any dragon ever seen before—in the form of a beautiful girl! What's worse, Ash soon discovers that this new dragon has attitude to spare, as she promptly informs him that she is the master, and he, the servant. Ash's problems with dragon riding have only just begun. (Source: ANN) Kou comes to a slum neighborhood in search of his elder brother Takumi and finds him to have become the head of a private detective firm. Kou is drafted by Takumi to do errands and chores in the detective firm, and they come to meet various interesting people... (Source: MAL News) From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. Unaired episode adapted from the manga chapter "I Was Overwhelmed by Heroines." Izumi Sena was born into a glamorous household—his brother and parents are famous celebrities. However, unlike his prestigious kin, Izumi has never liked being in the spotlight. His one true desire in life is to become a manga artist. Unfortunately, it seems that fate has already chosen Izumi's path in life. He is not only pulled into the show business, but he is also forced to pretend to be a girl! Everything gets even more complicated when he is paired with the handsome rising star, Ryouma Ichijou, on the set of a commercial taping. Ryouma is completely besotted with the feminine side of Izumi, completely unaware that he is actually falling in love with a boy. Is Izumi going to tell him the truth? If so, will Ryouma be able to accept Izumi's and his own feelings? Kokoa Hoto is a positive and energetic girl who becomes friends with anyone in just three seconds. After moving in with the Kafuu family in order to attend high school away from home, she immediately befriends the shy and precocious granddaughter of Rabbit House cafe's founder, Chino Kafuu, who is often seen with the talking rabbit, Tippy, on her head. After beginning to work as a waitress in return for room and board, Kokoa also befriends another part-timer, Rize Tedeza, who has unusual behavior and significant physical capabilities due to her military upbringing; Chiya Ujimatsu, a waitress from a rival cafe who does everything at her own pace; and Sharo Kirima, another waitress at a different cafe who has the air of a noblewoman despite being impoverished. With fluffy silliness and caffeinated fun, Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka? is a heartwarming comedy about five young waitresses and their amusing adventures in the town they call home. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Himeji Wakaba is a 5th year elementary school student, and she has the ability to see things that others can't. They are mostly frightening evil spirits, and they tend to do bad things to people who are close to her. As a result, Wakaba has no friends and rarely smiles. On a couple of occasions, she brings home stray animals, but her parents won't let her keep them. However, they're worried about their sad, creepy daughter, so one day they decide that whatever Wakaba brings home next, they'll let her keep. The next thing she brings home is a pink monster called "Pupipo", but her parents stand by their decision and let her keep it. No one is quite sure what Pupipo is, but it protects Wakaba from the other things she sees. Pupipo also helps Wakaba make friends with an occult-obsessed transfer student and solve problems with bullying. Wakaba's life is a much better place with her pet pink monster! (Source: MangaHelpers) Sixteen-year-old Yuuki Hase finally finds the courage to speak to his crush and ask her if she wants to become friends. The object of his affection, Kaori Fujimiya, is a quiet and reserved girl who cuts herself off from everyone and does not spare him the same blunt rejection she gives everybody else. Some time after, Yuuki finds her eating lunch on the roof where she secludes herself during break. He decides to start meeting with Kaori every day in the hopes of beginning to understand her better. The more time they spend together, the more she begins to open up to him. However, nearing the end of the week, she starts to push him away once more. It is then revealed to him the reason for Kaori's cold front: at the end of the week, her memories of those close to her, excluding her family, are forgotten, as they are reset every Monday. The result of an accident in middle school, the once popular and kind Kaori is now unable to make friends in fear of hurting the people dear to her. Determined to become more than just one week friends, Yuuki asks her the exact same question each Monday: "Would you like to be friends?" Because he knows that deep down, Kaori wishes for that more than anything. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Rinka Urushiba is an ordinary, if poor, high school student. With her father no longer employed, she spends every day working to save money so that they can both keep living in their small apartment. That all changes one day when Rinka sees a flying penguin and chases it to the top of the New Tokyo Tower—where she is confronted by a glowing fish swimming through the sky, who grants her the power to phase through solid objects, turning her hair as white as snow in the process. The only problem is that she isn't the only one to gain superpowers, and Tokyo quickly finds itself in dire need of heroes. Tokyo ESP follows Rinka's struggles as she inadvertently becomes the heroine known to the public as the "White Girl" for her hair and powers. Working alongside Kyoutarou Azuma, a classmate with the power of teleportation, she'll deal with the growing threat of those that would abuse their own powers. But will she and her sense of justice be able to survive as the stakes grow higher, and the foes they face grow stronger?  Kazunari Usa is a high school freshman who will start living alone due to his parents now working in a different area. Excited for his new independent life, he hopes to go about his teenage days without the worry of dealing with any strange people, but as he soon discovers, his new boarding house Kawai Complex is far from ordinary. The various tenants at Kawai Complex are all quite eccentric characters. Shirosaki, Kazunari's roommate, is a pervert and masochist; Mayumi Nishikino, a borderline alcoholic office lady, hates couples because of her unfortunate luck with men; and Sayaka Watanabe, a seemingly innocent college student, enjoys leading men on. Shocked with the lack of decent individuals at his new residence, Kazunari is about to leave when he runs into shy senior student Ritsu Kawai and finds himself slowly falling in love with her. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Characters from various games released by Falcom (e.g. Dragon Slayer, The Legend of Heroes, and Ys series) come together in a school. A parody of Flanders no Inu that has Parasche being a key-activated mecha robot who fights the antagonists. Second season of Yama no Susume. Doraemon is a robotic cat that lives in the 22nd century, and is known as a caretaker who helps others with his futuristic gadgets. One day he is approached by Sewashi Nobi, the great-great-grandson of Nobi Nobita. Sewashi demands of Doraemon to go back to the past and make Nobita happy in order to prevent a disastrous and bleak future. Doraemon is not excited about this idea, but Sewashi installs a program into Doraemon and eventually sends him back to the past. Nobita Nobi is an elementary school boy who is very lazy, unlucky and a scaredy-cat. He gets bullied by everyone and does not excel in any school subject. When he meets Doraemon for the first time, the two of them start off on the wrong foot; however, they soon become great friends. Doraemon cannot go home to the 22nd century unless he turns Nobita into a boy who can stand on his own and be happy. Soul Eater NOT! is a spin-off and side story that takes place one year prior to the events of the original Soul Eater . At the Death Weapon Meister Academy, humans born with the power to transform into weapons and those with the power to wield these weapons (Meisters) train to hone their natural talent. The characters of the main series are enrolled in the Especially Advantaged Talent class, where they train to become warriors of justice capable of defeating what threats prey on innocent lives—or even the entire world. Other students at the DWMA are less talented. Members of the Normally Overcome Target class focus less on being warriors of justice and more on controlling their powers so they don't hurt themselves or anyone around them. Tsugumi Harudori, a new halberd-transforming student, meets Meisters Meme Tatane and Anya Hepburn and quickly grows indecisive about which of the two new friends should be her partner. As they learn to use these powers and settle in, their lives as everyday students will be far from normal. Nanana Ryuugajou believes that there is nothing more thrilling than an adventure. Unfortunately, the boundaries of modern day society have made things quite dull, leaving children unable to bask in the sensation of having their hearts race from the excitement of exploring for hidden treasures. So why not make a place where they can do so to their heart's desire, a place filled with laughter and puzzles for those who relish in such activities? This train of thought leads to the creation of Nanae Island—a man-made island in the Pacific Ocean that exists to house and educate students so that they can achieve whatever it is they desire. Ryuugajou Nanana no Maizoukin (TV) follows Juugo Yama, a perverted but energetic high-school student who has been disowned by his family, after his arrival on the island. He moves into a furnished room at a steal of a price, only to learn that the room is haunted by the ghost of Nanana after she was stabbed in the back and killed. With Nanana bound to the room and him unable to afford living anywhere else, Juugo gets used to living with the pudding-loving ghost girl, while also searching for the buried treasures she left scattered over the island—all while unraveling the mystery of who killed her in the first place. A thrilling tale in which a group of innocent pokemon get sucked into a world full of keys only to find themselves trapped. Will they ever escape? An OVA bundled with a limited-edition of the 10th and final volume of Fight Ippatsu! Juuden-chan!! manga. (Source: ANN) On the hot summer day of August 14, Shintarou Kisaragi is forced to leave his room for the first time in two years. While arguing with the cyber girl Ene who lives in his computer, Shintarou Kisaragi accidentally spills soda all over his keyboard. Though they try to find a replacement online, most stores are closed due to the Obon festival, leaving them with no other choice but to visit the local department store. Venturing outside makes Shintarou extremely anxious, but the thought of living without his computer is even worse. It's just his luck that on the day he finally goes out, he's caught in a terrifying hostage situation. Luckily, a group of teenagers with mysterious eye powers, who call themselves the "Mekakushi Dan," assist Shintarou in resolving the situation. As a result, he is forced to join their group, along with Ene. Their abilities seem to be like pieces of a puzzle, connecting one another, and as each member's past is unveiled, the secret that ties them together is slowly brought to light. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It is the spring break immediately after Mao and the others graduate. It is the season of cherry blossoms, and the new school term will soon begin. One day, Kyouya is suddenly stuffed into a bag. When he is let out, the scenery he sees around him is that of New York—except the room looks exactly like the GJ Club's room. (Source: Official website) As she edges toward the end of her high school life, the energetic but generally clueless third-year Tamako Kitashirakawa has only one major concern: pulling off a stunning baton performance at the Usagiyama Marching Festival. But all too soon, she is confronted by the reality that all her friends have big plans for their futures; she, on the other hand, just operates with the moderate goal of continuing to work at her family's restaurant. Under the same brilliant sky, Mochizou Ooji intends to study at a university in Tokyo, leaving behind his family, friends, and most importantly, his first and only love Tamako. Unfortunately, the shy admirer cannot bring himself to declare his love, and Tamako is yet unaware that she is the source of such anguish. With time quickly running out, Mochizou must confess his feelings to Tamako soon, or his dream of romance will never be fulfilled. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A program called "World Purge" sends illusions to all the girls about their ideal fantasies. (Source: AICW) Peace has returned to Honnouji Academy at last, and now that it has served its original purpose, the unique high school is set to be shut down within a month. However, there is still one final event that must take place: the graduation ceremony. As each member of the student council prepares to leave their past selves behind to focus on what they would like to do in the future, Satsuki Kiryuuin struggles to find her own path, having lost her resolve after finally achieving victory. But just before she is to give her speech to the student body, the ceremony is disrupted by mysterious beings that are identical to the student council members. As Ryuuko Matoi and the Elite Four prepare for battle once more, they quickly discover that the one pulling the strings is an old enemy who has returned to take revenge. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An OVA bundled with the 7th manga volume. Suguru Koshigaya, the brother of Komari and Natsumi, wins the grand prize in a lottery draw. The prize appears to be a ticket for four to Okinawa. As the girls are nervous for their trip, they prepare for their journey. Second TV (flash animated) series of Keroro Gunsou. This OVA is divided into two parts. First one is about Torii Shoutarou following his younger sister on a date. Second one is about Christmas Eve, which Mitsuki, Yuuya and their friends spend at Kanzaki's house. Bundled with the limited-edition volume 7 of the manga. (Source: AniDB) Naru Sekiya is an average 14-year-old girl with average intelligence, average athleticism, and average talents. She once had hopes that starting high school would change all that. Unfortunately, the reality could not be further from the truth and she remains a wallflower. Why can't real life be like fairy tales where a handsome prince lifts a poor girl from obscurity and transforms her into a dazzling princess? Her average student life changes when she meets a blonde girl dancing on top of a gate to a shrine. Naru assumes the girl is a fairy, but it turns out she's just a regular girl, too. But it also just so happens that she's a transfer student named Hana from America who fell in love with yosakoi, a type of dance, and came to Japan with the intention to start her own club! Excited that she's classmates with the girl she met the night before, Hana tries to recruit Naru to become the first member of the brand new yosakoi club. Too bad the thought of dancing in front of everyone terrifies her! Can Hana convince Naru to join the club? Will Naru fall in love with yosakoi? Find out in Hanayamata ! Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes. This OVA series is a continuation of The New Prince of Tennis series from 2012, still set in the U-17 High School Representatives Selection Camp. The story follows the matches played when the First Strings return from their tour. The comedy centers around a high school boy named Madanbashi Kouichi who has Hi-ERo particles, the power source to operate the robotic weapon Daimidaler. With the help of Sonan Kyouko from the mysterious Prince Beauty Parlor organization, he stands up against the Penguin Empire that troubles humanity. (Source: ANN) Now that Koyomi Araragi and Hitagi Senjougahara have graduated, very few familiar faces remain at Naoetsu Private High School, one of them being Kanbaru Suruga, holder of the Monkey's Paw. When she begins to hear talk of a mysterious being known as the "Devil," who will magically solve any problem, she immediately thinks these rumors are about her and decides to investigate. She discovers the Devil is actually Rouka Numachi, a former rival from junior high who is providing free advice to those who seek her out now that she is no longer able to play basketball due to a leg injury. Acting as a collector of misfortune, she enjoys relieving the stress of her clients by providing them with the false hope of having their problems solved. Although Kanbaru sees no real harm being done, she reprimands Rouka for lying and heads home, relieved she is not the cause of the rumors. But when she finds that her left hand has reverted back to its human form, she may have a reason to worry after all... [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story depicts the work-life of a perverted mangaka, Aito Yuuki, and his assistant, Ashisu Sahoto. Constantly pressured by his editor and lacking experience with girls, Aito asks Ashisu to act as a reference. (Source: AniDB) The anime special celebrates the 20th anniversary of Gosho Aoyama's original manga, and it recounts a previously untold story from Conan's past. (Source: ANN) Extra episode of Sword Art Offline included in the Sword Art Online: Extra Edition Blu-ray and DVD. Kanbee-kun with Nobunaga, Hideyoshi, and Ieyasu in manga. They are popular characters from "Rekishi Hiwa Historia," the history show. Futaba Yoshioka used to be an attractive and popular middle-schooler—well liked by the opposite sex, but ostracized by the girls. Nevertheless, she was able to brush all that off, because the only opinion that truly mattered to her was that of Kou Tanaka, a classmate with whom she shared a shelter from rain once, followed by quite a few other precious and significant memories. She even succeeded at making plans to meet with the quiet and innocent boy at the summer festival, but a simple misunderstanding, and Tanaka's subsequent disappearance, left her walking the halls of her school friendless. Now in high school, Futaba is not your typical adolescent girl. Determined to become a class favorite this time, she avoids all unwanted attention and, instead of acting cute and feminine, only stands out through her tomboyish behavior and disheveled look. But still, her world is soon turned upside down when the only boy she ever liked unexpectedly comes into her life once again—except he goes by the name of Kou Mabuchi now, and it is not his name alone that has gone through a sea change. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Information show featuring two female characters that separated from Logicoma (Logiko and Comako), voiced by Miyuki Sawashiro. A short anime called "Kabushiki Gaisha: Kyuuka" featuring Motoko (voiced by Maaya Sakamoto) as the employer of a company aired between episodes 4 to 14. Magic is what makes the fictional world of Earth-land go 'round, and its many mage guilds work together—or sometimes against one another—to bring balance to that world. Each guild flaunts unique features in hopes of being the best guild on the planet. Lucy Heartfilia, a 17-year-old girl, is desperately searching for the perfect guild. After running from her father, she wanders the city in search of Gold Keys, for they unlock the Celestial Spirits that are so vital for her magic. With so many wizards around, it's a journey that's very challenging and dangerous to go alone. Yet a fateful encounter with Natsu Dragneel (a wizard who largely resembles a dragon) leads her to a guild known as Fairy Tail , which soon becomes her new home. Her happiness amongst new-found friends is overshadowed by the evil powers of malicious guilds and the mysterious dark wizard Zeref. Their lives are about to take an unexpected turn as they battle evil, fight for their guild, and uncover fragments of their past. It will shake the foundations of who they are as people, and help explain why Earth-land has fallen into this state to begin with. Unaired OVA bundled with limited edition eighth volume of the manga. The episode centers around the actions of Inari and Kon. Bundled with the first Blu-ray and DVD volume. Hakuya wins tickets to a hot spring. The story revolves around Nekoyama Suzu, a timid, shy tsundere girl who loves dogs, and Inugami Yachiyo, a super masochistic, air-headed, friendly girl who loves cats. One day, after a fateful meeting, the two find themselves attracted to each other. In response to Inugami's instinctive approaches, Nekoyama is always bashful. Their friend Aki has to work hard to make jabs at some of the situations of the two, and also to stop Inugami from going berserk. (Source: ANN) Bundled with the 6 Blu-ray/DVD. It will adapt the 124th chapter of the manga, which depicts when Kuroko and Aomine first met. Full of wonder and excitement, the Noah's Arc Circus troupe has captured audiences with their dazzling performances. Yet these fantastic acts don't come without a price. Children have mysteriously gone missing around London, correlating to that of the groups' movements. Unsettled by these kidnappings, Queen Victoria sends in her notorious guard dog, Ciel Phantomhive, and his ever-faithful demon butler, Sebastian Michaelis, on an undercover mission to find these missing children. Trying to balance their new circus acts with their covert investigation under the big top, however, proves to be quite a challenge. With the other performers growing suspicious and the threat of the circus' mysterious benefactor looming overhead, what the two discover will shake Ciel to his very core. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kanie Seiya, a smart and extremely narcissistic high school student, believes that the beautiful but reserved Sento Isuzu has invited him on a date at an amusement park called Amagi Brilliant Park. Much to his chagrin, not only is the location a run-down facility, the supposed date is merely a recruitment tour where Sento and Princess Latifa Fleuranza, the owner of the theme park, ask him to become the park's new manager. Their cause for desperation? As stipulated in a land-use contract, Amagi has less than three months to meet a quota of 500,000 guests, or the park will be closed for good and the land redeveloped by a greedy real-estate company. Seiya is won over by the revelation that Amagi is no ordinary amusement park; many of its employees are Maple Landers—mysterious magical beings who live in the human world and are nourished by the energy created by people having fun. Entrusted with the hopes and dreams of this far-off enchanted land, Seiya must now use his many skills to bring Amagi back on its feet, or watch it crumble before his eyes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the town of Nagarekawa, Nanako Usami, an ordinary high school girl, is approached by her uncle to become a local idol or "Locodol," partnering with upperclassman Yukari Kohinata to form the idol unit, Nagarekawa Girls. As the girls use their talent to promote Nagarekawa and their businesses, they are joined by Yui Mikoze, who acts as the local mascot, and Mirai Nazukari, who serves as Yui's substitute. (Source: Wikipedia) Momoko is a beautiful young sword fighter who was born inside a peach (momo in Japanese). She lives with her constant companions—the dog god Inugami, the monkey god Sarugami, and the pheasant god Kijigami—in a peaceful paradise. However, a demon army led by devil king invades the paradise and steals the precious treasure that protects Momoko's land. To retrieve the treasure and save the people, Momoko embarks on a great adventure with her three companions. (Source: ANN) The Iwatobi Swim Club returns!  As their third year begins, Haruka, Makoto and Rin are still swimming strong, but choosing plans for their futures loom, and as friends both new and old make their way into the picture, rivalries will take root once again. Will the team make it out stronger than before or sink under pressure? Short specials included in the BD release. The children's anime revolves around Velonica, a high-handed and ultra-selfish little alien girl on the Galaxy Network, who begins to cause havoc on Earth. After a "fated encounter" with an Earthling boy, Velonica wavers between a possible budding romance with the boy and her dedication to the arts. (Source: ANN) Hiyori's grandmother died. To stop her crying all day and every day, Hiyori's father built a humanoid robot called Washimo, that looks like her granny, complete with dentures. It walks faster than a snail but slower than a rhinoceros beetle; in fact, however, it can outrun a bullet train. (Source: ANN) High above the clouds, meat-loving Zeushi-kun is the prince of 'Nikuniku Land'! He and his pal Minota think about meat every day! (Oh, they like veggies too.) Right now, they're freeloading down on the surface with the Miito family so they can discover all sorts of tasty domestic meat products. With lively scenes of delicious meat lined up across the Miito family's dinner table, the anime presents the wonders of livestock and agricultural products, with an emphasis on domestic meat, in a fun and easy to understand way. It will be a prequel to the TV anime series and will be titled Uchuu Kyoudai #0 (Number Zero). The mangaka also added that the movie will revolve around the "origin of the dream." Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket Second Season (both limited and normal editions). Based on the upcoming "Underground Princess" idol role playing game for mobile devices. In 20XX C.E., a mysterious alien race named Firow suddenly appears on Earth. The Firow's dreadful attacks force humanity to engage in a difficult battle. But humanity's last hope, the X Maiden who wear weapons built to destroy the Firow, are about to set out. (Source: ANN) Bundled with the official visual book. Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story. Seishuu Handa is an up-and-coming calligrapher: young, handsome, talented, and unfortunately, a narcissist to boot. When a veteran labels his award-winning piece as "unoriginal," Seishuu quickly loses his cool with severe repercussions. As punishment, and also in order to aid him in self-reflection, Seishuu's father exiles him to the Goto Islands, far from the comfortable Tokyo lifestyle the temperamental artist is used to. Now thrown into a rural setting, Seishuu must attempt to find new inspiration and develop his own unique art style—that is, if boisterous children (headed by the frisky Naru Kotoishi), fujoshi middle schoolers, and energetic old men stop barging into his house! The newest addition to the intimate and quirky Goto community only wants to get some work done, but the islands are far from the peaceful countryside he signed up for. Thanks to his wacky neighbors who are entirely incapable of minding their own business, the arrogant calligrapher learns so much more than he ever hoped to. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series. The main protagonist of Himegoto , Arikawa Hime, is in serious trouble. He’s being pursued by loan sharks for the debt his parents left him with. That is, until the Shimoshina High School student council steps in to bail him out. These "kind" girls help Hime by paying off his debt and accepting him into the student council… as a beautiful girl, that is! Hime just happened to be wearing a French maid outfit when the council came across him, and now they won’t have him any other way. In return for paying off his debt, Hime must dress as a girl and be the council’s pet dog for the rest of his high school years. Still, things could be worse. After all, Hime is now surrounded by beautiful girls who constantly dote on him, expose him, and do naughty things to him. Thankfully, Hime has at least one person trying to get him out of this predicament: his little brother, who also happens to cross-dress. And then, of course, there’s the head of the disciplinary committee, who is… another cross-dressing boy!? This is getting ridiculous! CGI ramen bowls that look like cats but have the personalities of high school girls talk about every day life things that involve ramen. The opening and ending sequence features them as 2D anime cat-girls with naruto accessories even though they are not represented as such in the actual show. Special episode included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie. After his father is transferred away for work, Koutarou must find a cheap place to live by himself while attending high school. He thinks that he's found just the place: Room 106 at Corona House. It's a small apartment, but it's only 5,000 yen a month rent, which is an impossibly cheap price! Add in the fact that he has a beautiful landlady and he thinks that he has it made－ at least until he starts to get some unexpected visitors. One night Koutarou is visited by various girls, including a ghost named Sanae, a magical girl named Yurika, a girl who lives underground named Kiriha, and a princess from outer space named Theiamillis. All four of them claim that they need to have his apartment for their own reasons and thus need him to leave immediately. But he's not willing to give up his cheap apartment without a fight! Before things can get too out of control, the landlady forces everyone to sign an agreement which states that they will all figure out who gets the apartment in a peaceful manner. Will Koutarou be forced out of his home before he can even finish putting his things away or will he be able to send his unwanted guests packing? Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance takes place at a very prestigious school for holy shrine princesses called Areishia Spirit Academy. At this school, the girls train to be elementalists and try to form slave contracts with spirits so that they can compete in battles against one another. Only females have this privilege... at least until now. Kamito Kazehaya is a normal guy in pretty much all respects except for the fact that he's the first man in 1,000 years to be able to form a contract with a spirit (which he "stole" from a shrine princess named Claire Rouge). Additionally, the headmaster of the school, Greyworth, has summoned him to enroll and is forcing him to participate in a special tournament that will take place two months down the road. With Claire demanding that he become her contracted spirit, will Kamito even manage to survive the entire two months until the tournament takes place? Zundamaru is back... For now! Even without missions, we elite ninjas face grave dangers every day! (Anime Bancho) TV anime adaptation based on the undead idol character Francesca to promote Hokkaido, Japan. (Source: MAL News) Last episode of Hipira-kun bundled with the DVD/Blu-ray release. Ryouma Sakamoto wants everyone to know about his passion for rock 'n' roll, so he roams around town with his electric guitar willing to show anyone he encounters that he's just as skilled as the famous Shinsengumi stars they admire. Unfortunately, Japan doesn't allow anything other than that group's Heaven's Songs, for writing or performing different types of music is forbidden and can lead to harsh consequences. Agitated by these strict rules and brainwashing, Ryouma does everything he can to show people that the music he loves will bring them the freedom they deserve. Along with his bandmates Shinsaku Takasugi and Kogoru Katsura, Ryouma works hard to find places for his rock 'n' roll group to perform. Refusing to back down until their music is accepted in Japan, the trio begin to realize that there's more to their passion than they had thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia) New series of Tamagotchi!. Recap of the Hamatora The Animation series narrated by Mao. Yuuki Akamatsu, who is in the Kyuumon Gakuen Second News Club, is asked to become the counselor of the club immediately after joining the club by Ayaka Nikaidou, the club leader. Three girls currently give advice to issues sent in by the students: Rino Endou from the science stream, Fumi Kujou from the literary stream, and Ikumi Suzuki from the sports stream. However, the three always have different opinions and cannot get their views to agree, so they just try things out anyway... (Source: MAL News) 47 Todoufuken R" is based on the anime "47 Todoufuken," which aired in 2011, but with new characters in 3D. The "ken" in "Todoufuken" is a play on the words "prefecture" and "dog" since it can mean both words. New OVA series of Hayate no Gotoku!, which is part of the manga's 10th anniversary project.  One episode each will be bundled with volumes 41 to 43 of the manga. This is the anime adaptation of Kantoku Fuyuki Todoki (Insufficient Direction), the first essay manga by the "queen of the manga world," Moyoco Anno. The comedic and heartwarming autobiographical story follows her everyday married "otaku lifestyle" with Hideaki Anno, "the founder of the otaku cult." (Source: ANN) OVA included with special edition of volume 5 of the Mikakunin de Shinkoukei manga. Mashiro and Kobeni share with each other a story from their pasts. Kobeni retells an episode of her childhood with Benio and Nadeshiko while Mashiro describes one of her days back on her home in the mountains. Two Lodoss-obsessed students attempt to recruit party members so they can put on a Lodoss-themed play at their school festival. Specials included in BD and DVD of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Ren. "Kotatsu DE" Series Kohina Ichimatsu, the self-proclaimed doll, called out the fox ghost Kokkuri-san with a suspicious incantation! But it was a story of the past where Kokkuri-san was able to answer any question you had. Nowadays, it relies on a certain search engine, but is actually bad at anything digital. He was going to possess Kohina, but got worried about her living all alone and devotes himself to do chores as if he was her mother. On top of that, the dog ghost Inugami who is infatuated with Kohina and the old good-for-nothing supernatural raccoon dog Shigaraki decide to root themselves with her as well! (Source: Crunchyroll) noitaminA's 10th anniversary commemoration short special. Chiyo Sakura is a cheerful high school girl who has fallen head over heels for the oblivious Umetarou Nozaki. Much to Chiyo's confusion, when she confesses to her beloved Nozaki, he hands her an unfamiliar autograph. As it turns out, the stoic teenage boy is actually a respected shoujo mangaka, publishing under the pen name Sakiko Yumeno! A series of misunderstandings leads to Chiyo becoming one of Nozaki's manga assistants. Throughout the hilarious events that ensue, she befriends many of her quirky schoolmates, including her seemingly shameless fellow assistant, Mikoto Mikoshiba, and the "Prince of the School," Yuu Kashima. Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun follows Chiyo as she strives to help Nozaki with his manga and hopes that he will eventually notice her feelings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The film will be a continuation spinoff of the 2012 "Lupin III: The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" television anime series. Lupin and Jigen have their sights set on a treasure worth stealing called the Little Comet which is located in the country of East Doroa. The country has fortified its border after a singer named Queen Malta got assassinated in the neighboring country of West Doroa upon visit. Despite the two countries being enemies, Lupin and Jigen still plan to steal the treasure. During the heist, Jigen almost got killed by a skilled sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing his kills. Its said that no one has survived after Yael makes a grave for that target. (Source: ANN) Iris vs Ibuki! The Road to Become a Dragon Master!! is the second spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia) Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Second season of Space Dandy. Space Dandy is a dandy guy, in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come, first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety of aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe! (Source: Bandai Visual) Special introduction videos posted on the official website. Gal game animation special included in DVD/Blu-ray Vol.8. Bundled with the ninth special-edition volume of D-Frag! manga. The DVD adapted the popular Shrine Water arc. (Source: AniDB) The story follows Dera after he returns to the southern islands from the Usagiyama Shopping District, and depicts his gentle slapstick daily life with the Prince and Choi. (Source: ANN) The most anticipated card game, Duel Masters had returned after 2 years since the battle in the past season. However, Katta Kirifuda once the strongest duelist, is now a year 2 middle school student and had lost his passion of dueling throughout the 2 years, and dreams of curry bread every day. However, after an encounter with the baseball ace, Hokaben, a mysterious duelist and a reunion with his childhood friend Lulu Takigawa, he rekindled his dueling spirit and return to his journey of becoming the strongest duelist. With new friends and rivals and Katta's passionate duelist soul, the greatest battle begins! (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) It has been three months since the incident at Yokohama. Things have been settling down at Cafe Nowhere. Murasaki and Hajime have teamed up and started investigating again. After an unforeseen reunion, Art holds Nice at gunpoint. What are his real intentions? What will become of the connection between Art and Hamatora? (Source: Crunchyroll) Shouta Handa is a jobless 25 year old who is sick and tired of his boring life. One evening, at the class reunion, he gets to meet all of the cute girls that used to be his classmates. He soon discovers that they are all successful with interesting careers, and even more importantly—really beautiful now, with bigger curves. Unfortunately, it seems that they are all aware of his boring, unsuccessful life, so they mock him and call him a loser, just like in the old days. Everything changes when Shouta goes for a walk to have a smoke and accidentally falls into the school swimming pool. This triggers a supernatural phenomenon that takes him back ten years into the past. He finds himself in the same swimming pool during swimming class, surrounded by his female classmates in bikinis. How is Shouta going to deal with their cuteness and closeness now that he is a grown man in a boy's body? This episode shows Ichika's and Tomoya's first encounter. Episode 13 included with the Blu-ray release. Second season of Strange+. Bundled with volume five of manga. Special episode included in the Blu-ray Box of Ano Natsu de Matteru . The unaired 13th episode of Sekai Seifuku: Bouryaku no Zvezda that will be included in Volume 7 of the BD/DVD. In this special, Kate and company will launch their own idol unit. (Source: Crunchyroll) Specials included in Blu-rays/DVDs of Witch Craft Works . ”Wereman" Shushu's life is turned upside down when her father tells her that despite what she was told her entire life, she is in fact a female, and cannot become a wereman. To be certified as a wereman so she can become a public servant and let her father retire, she enrolls in Monster Academy. There, she meets Juzu, the son of the monster king who founded the school. Although he is feared by everyone due to his status, when her secret is exposed to the monster prince, she finds out that Juzu is in fact stupid, but is kind and just wanted a friend. With all the eyes of the students on Shushu and Juzu, the inconspicuous life Shushu so direly desired goes down the drain. Note : The third episode will begin streaming on December 4, 2014 to celebrate the release of the manga's first compiled book volume, which will ship in Japan the same day. (Source: ANN) Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN) Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN) Second season of Ai Mai Mii .  Hot Spring-themed OVA of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san W . The rebroadcasting of the 12-episode TV anime Arpeggio of Blue Steel: Ars Nova has started on Tokyo MX and Sun TV since yesterday on April 5. Its each episode comes with a newly-produced 60-second parody short series "Kirikumas" featuring the world all of the mental model girls become stuffed teddy bears. (Source: Crunchyroll) Erika Shinohara has taken to lying about her romantic exploits to earn the respect of her new friends. So when they ask for a picture of her "boyfriend," she hastily snaps a photo of a handsome stranger, whom her friends recognize as the popular and kind-hearted Kyouya Sata. Trapped in her own web of lies and desperately trying to avoid humiliation, Erika explains her predicament to Kyouya, hoping he will pretend to be her boyfriend. But Kyouya is not the angel he appears to be: he is actually a mean-spirited sadist who forces Erika to become his "dog" in exchange for keeping her secret. Begrudgingly accepting his deal, Erika soon begins to see glimpses of the real Kyouya beneath the multiple layers of his outer persona. As she finds herself falling for him, she can't help but question if he will ever feel the same way about her. Will Kyouya finally make an honest woman out of Erika, or is she destined to be a "wolf girl" forever? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode of Strange+ included on the Blu-ray/DVD release. Comedy anime about the staff of Keihime Railway Company. Mini-OVA specials bundled with each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kenzen Robo Daimidaler . A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday. Short specials (featuring the chibi forms of the characters) included in the Blade and Soul Blu-rays and DVDs. The story of the anime will revolve around Dreamcast, Sega Saturn, and Mega Drive, who have just enrolled in SeHaGaga Academy at Tokyo's Haneda Ōtorii station. They are given an assignment needed to graduate by a suspicious teacher, and to clear this assignment, the girls need to enter the world of Sega games. The girls must try their best to graduate without incident. (Source: ANN) Extra episode bundled with the limited edition of the 6th manga volume. Momon and her pet Tanu have been close friends since childhood and have always been together. Before long, Momon became an elementary school student, and one day when a new student transfers to her class, their lives begin to change... Episode 0 of Momon's Sandwitch. New Thermae Romae short (collaboration with a toothbrush brand REACH) to celebrate the 2nd live action movie. This short is part of an advertising campaign for the Otome Joshi no Tame no Anime Shinsho book series. A darkly cute tale of foiled romance and contract assassinations starring Tuzki (兔斯基). (Source: AniDB) Shibaki is a high-school boy whose only interest is girls. Except he's been branded as the most perverted boy at school and the girls avoid him like the plague. One day he finds a book in the library about how to summon witches. He tries it as a joke, but it turns out to be the real thing. An apprentice witch named Rurumo appears to grant him a wish. Shibaki helps Rurumo and she in return refuses to take his soul. (This part of this story happened before the start of chapter 1) When the story starts, Shibaki wishes he could see Rurumo again. His wishes are granted immediately as Rurumo falls from the sky and crash lands in front of him. He finds out that as punishment for not taking his soul she's been busted down to an apprentice demon. Now, she must complete the task of getting Shibaki to use up 666 magic tickets that grant wishes before she can become a witch again. However, what she doesn't know is that each time he uses a ticket it shortens his life. When the last ticket is used up, Shibaki will die. Shibaki knows this because Rurumo's familiar black cat Chiro tells him as part of the "contract" for giving him the tickets. Now, Shibaki has a choice, make a wish and help Rurumo become a witch again or resist the temptation and try to save his own life. (Source: jCafe24) Three new OVAs of Futari Ecchi released as standard DVDs and as part of a Premium DVD Box containing all seven OVAs of the series. Umio is a shy kid who just started his part time job at a manga store smack dab in the middle of the city. But his lifestyle isn't as glamorous as the neon lights that illuminate the city. Umio's closest friends are his co-workers who are all unique characters, to say the least, and although they're nice people, they have their quirks. They are a tight knit group of friends, have nicknames for each other and spend their weekends inside, sheltered from the extravagant scene happening on the outside. (Source: MU) Movie of gdgd Fairies. Airing simultaniously as gdgd Fairies Movie. File 594 that was never animated. To celebrate Detective Conan Movie 18 premiere, it was animated and streamed on NOTTV.  This is where Kogorou Mouri is the fugitive. Suga Kimio finds himself hiding in the girls locker room, unable to move or escape the situation as the girls in his school crowd in. Although he originally had no ulterior motives, he found himself panicking as he heard the girls coming in and hid in a locker. Komine Nozomi, one of the shy girls in his class finds him, but surprisingly covers for him. Perplexed but glad, Kimio goes home. Later that night, he gets a text from Nozomi who happens to live across the way on the same floor of the complex they both live in. She blackmails him into agreeing to show each other's bodies when she texts him. Kimio has to abide by Nozomi's insane demands or risk ruining his school life so they both start their little peep show through each other's windows... (Source: MangaHelpers) On his way home from school, Tatsumi sees a man collapsed near a lake. When he approaches him, Tatsumi notices something strange: the person in need of help is actually a beautiful merman named Wakasa! Because Wakasa's home has become too polluted to live in, Tatsumi graciously offers his bathtub as a refuge. With a boisterous merman as his new roommate, Tatsumi's normal life won't be returning anytime soon, not to mention Wakasa's aquatic friends—Takasu, Mikuni, and Maki—often show up uninvited, making them all quite a handful for the high school student. As he humors their curiosity for human life, Tatsumi sometimes finds himself enjoying their childish antics, but he will have to keep his cool if he intends to keep up with his daily life and newfound friendship. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Episodes released on DVDs bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the Nisekoi manga. The search for the remains of Emperor Gaz continues. Chaika still in search of knowing who she really is and what her purpose is. Similarly, the Red Chaika continues the search for the rest of Emperor Gaz's remains. The Gillette corporation continues the mission to catch every last Chaika. In their adventure they give a revealing account kept secret by the Emperor, which Chaika, Fredrica, Toru, and Akari decide to uncover. (Source: ANN, edited) Based on the same name gourmet manga that focuses on the dining of cuisine. The protagonist Jirou Tamiyamaru is more obssessed with how to eat than most people, and the anime comically depicts how he agonizes over the differences with how others eat. (Source: ANN) Second season of the Yowamushi Pedal series. Two unaired episodes included in the DVD Set release of Tonari no Seki-kun series. #1. Field Trip (Rinkan Gakkou) (first volume) #2. Snow Playing (Yuki Asobi) (second volume) Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends. Sequel to the Urayasu Tekkin Kazoku anime and adaptation of the manga of the same name. The series follows an energetic grade-schooler and his friends as they get into mischief. The newlyweds have moved to the Kansai region! For now they've settled down, but their room is still a huge mess. They also realize that they've been wasting a lot of electricity, and they begin to ponder ways to cut back on their bills... (Source: Anime Bancho) Bundled with the 11th volume of Kanojo ga Flag wo Oraretara light novel. Flash anime specials bundled with the New Prince of Tennis OVA . Specials released with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Included in the Ciao Ciao TV bonus DVD that bundled with the August issue of the Ciao magazine. (Source: AniDB) When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind! (Source: MU) Bundled with the limited edition 5th, 6th, and 7th manga volumes. The movie will feature special guests such as popular familiar characters from the TV anime series and the latest Youkai from the upcoming Youkai Watch 2 sequel games. Shiraishi Urara is the top student in her school. One day, due to an accidental kiss, Urara finds herself in the body of the school delinquent, Yamada Ryuu! In trying to switch back to their own bodies, Urara and Ryuu discover that kissing causes them to switch bodies, which leads to their discovery that there are 7 witches in their school. They soon try to uncover the identities of the 7 witches... (Source: AniDB) Unaired episode 11.5 included with the second Blu-ray/DVD volume. The franchise is celebrating its 20th anniversary with this new project. Note: The recap episodes are not included in the main episode count, and are now included here . Twintails: the glory of all mankind—or at least that is what first-year high school student Souji Mitsuka believes. At school, Souji spends most of his time daydreaming and rating girls' twintails, even going as far as creating a club dedicated to the hairstyle. His obsession does not go unnoticed, however; when monsters from outer space attack Earth and claim the world's twintails for themselves, a strange woman named Twoearle enlists Souji to fight back using twintails of his own! By transforming into the twin-tailed warrior Tail Red, Souji combats the vicious alien organization known as Ultimegil, whose main goal is to colonize Earth and steal everyone's spiritual energy, or "attribute power." Alongside fellow twin-tailed fighters Aika Tsube and Erina Shindou, Souji must find a way to defeat the invading army and defend the twintails he holds so dear. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Special of Miss Monochrome. It's about football. Aired on the official Miss Monochrome YouTube channel. Unaired episode 13 of Akuma no Riddle released with the seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume. The special will be previewed at a screening in Tokyo City on November 22, 2014. The BD/DVD will be released on December 17, 2014. Bonus episodes 3.5, 6.5, and 9.5 included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases. Anime adaptation of the 4-koma manga Mobile Suit Gundam-san .  Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day. The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source:  YouTube) In the story, there is nothing in the world that the mysterious phantom thief Joker cannot steal. He goes after one treasure after another in unpredictable capers with seemingly miraculous tricks. (Source: ANN) Short stories based on the original characters by Uruma Delvi. Based on the 4-koma manga stories of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou. Included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes 1-7. An original anime series created in cooperation with Kanagawa Prefecture. Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series. Princess Yona lives a life of luxury and ease, completely sheltered from the problems of the seemingly peaceful Kingdom of Kouka; however, the sudden murder of the king and betrayal of her beloved cousin Su-won places Yona's life in mortal peril. Forced to escape only with Son Hak, who is both her childhood friend and bodyguard, the naïve princess soon discovers that Kouka is not the idyllic place she envisioned it to be. Poverty, strife, and corruption run rampant, making reclaiming the throne nothing more than a wishful fantasy given the kingdom's current state. Based on the popular manga of the same name by Mizuho Kusanagi, Akatsuki no Yona follows Princess Yona on a coming-of-age adventure as she faces the harsh realities of her kingdom. With only a mysterious legend to guide her, Yona must discover a way to restore Kouka to its former glory while being pursued relentlessly by the forces of the new King of Kouka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 2-minute specials for Barakamon featuring chibi characters. These specials were streamed exclusively on YouTube only in Japan after every episode of the main series, including Mijikamon Episode 0 that was aired before the anime started airing and served as a teaser. Elite Sushi Ninja fights with evil Monsters for justice every day! They, however, are on the popular superhero TV show…. In the real world, three lazy kids named “IKURA”, “MAGURO”, and “TAMAGO” watch with that TV show. They wish to be Heroes like the Sushi Ninja on the TV show some day, but they always fall out over something stupid. One day, they unexpectedly meet up with a beautiful Princess being chasing by Nachos King Gang. She deems the three guys to be the Heroic Sushi Ninja on TV show and asks them for help. They are so excited and act like the heroes on TV show. Then they decide to face with the enemies to protect the Princess…. Can they be the real Heroes and protect the Princess from the evil? (Source: Daisuki) Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. “Awaken now, Kasuga Arata.” With those words, Arata’s uneventful, carefree life ends forever. A black shadow covers the sun and Arata’s entire town is reduced to rubble, all the people in it spirited away by the blackness of the sun in an event called a "breakdown phenomenon". As Arata’s memories come flooding back, he realizes he’s been living inside an illusion created by a powerful book of spells. Lilith Asami, a mage dispatched to investigate the phenomenon, gives Arata two choices: hand over the book, or die. Arata chooses the third option: enrolling in the top-secret magic school Royal Biblia Academy. Waiting for him at the academy are seven beautiful magic users, the Trinity Seven , each with her own power and skill. With so many women surrounding him, there are plenty of opportunities to have some silly perverted fun. But it’s not all fun and games for Arata. Spurred on by the memory of his cousin and childhood friend Hijiri Kasuga, Arata will stop at nothing to stop the destruction of the world and bring his best friend back. During a Literature Club meeting, the four club members—along with their faculty adviser's niece—suddenly find themselves with supernatural powers. Now capable of fabricating black flames, resident chuunibyou Jurai Andou is the most ecstatic about their new abilities; unfortunately, his own is only for show and unable to accomplish anything of substance. Moreover, he is completely outclassed by those around him: fellow club member Tomoyo Kanzaki manipulates time, Jurai's childhood friend Hatoko Kushikawa wields control over the five elements, club president Sayumi Takanashi can repair both inanimate objects and living things, and their adviser's niece Chifuyu Himeki is able to create objects out of thin air. However, while the mystery of why they received these powers looms overhead, very little has changed for the Literature Club. The everyday lives of these five superpowered students continue on, albeit now tinged with the supernatural. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabaody. Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training is interrupted when Hancock's sisters, Marigold and Sandersonia, are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World, a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace, in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters. (Source: One Piece Wiki) Short specials that aired on the official website. The "Life Is Movie" featuring indie animator Junichi Yamamoto and Flash animator Tokumaru Naoko reintroducing the Hidenori Takahashi voiced passionate human-faced dog NEET/would be detective will be released as OVA and online on the Bandai Channel later this summer. (Sourced: Crunchyroll) OVA episodes bundled with 44th-46th manga volumes. The limited-edition DVD will animate "Face -Kominato Ryousuke Special Bangai-hen-", which appeared in the Ace of Diamond Official Guidebook Ura and tells the "moving secret story of the Kominato brothers that cannot be seen in the television series." Prequel to the 17th Pokémon movie, Pokemon XY: Cocoon of Destruction and Diancie . Unaired episode inluded with the Blu-ray/DVD release. Unaired episode included with the Blu-ray/DVD release. Eight years after the mysterious death of his father, Kaito Kuroba, a slightly mischievous but otherwise ordinary teenager, discovers a shocking secret: the Phantom Thief Kaito Kid—also known as "The Magician Under the Moonlight"—was none other than his own father. The former thief was murdered by a criminal organization seeking a mythical stone called the Pandora Gem, said to shed a tear with the passing of the Valley Comet that comes every ten thousand years. When the tear is consumed, the gem supposedly grants immortality. Vowing to bring those responsible for his father's death to justice, Kaito dons the Phantom Thief's disguise, stealing priceless jewels night after night to find the Pandora Gem before his enemies can use the power for themselves. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Picture drama episodes included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume four and five. Short OVA bundled with the volumes 1 to 6 of the Blu-ray releases of Sabagebu! Unaired episode titled "Nagarekawa, Annai Shite Mita." bundled with the Volume 1 Blu-ray/DVD. Shirobako begins with the five members of the Kaminoyama High School animation club all making a pledge to work hard on their very first amateur production and make it into a success. After showing it to an audience at a culture festival, that pledge turned into a huge dream - to move to Tokyo, get jobs in the anime industry and one day join hands to create something amazing. Fast forward two and a half years and two of those members, Aoi Miyamori and Ema Yasuhara, have made their dreams into reality by landing jobs at a famous production company called Musashino Animation. Everything seems perfect at first. However, as the girls slowly discover, the animation industry is a bit tougher than they had imagined. Who said making your dream come true was easy? Sayuri Haruno dreams of becoming a pastry chef and enrolls in Fleurir Confectionary Academy, an elite school located in Tokyo's trendy Aoyama district. At Fleurir, she finds herself surrounded by charming boys, each one distinctly unique. Out of the entire class, Ryou Kouzuki's desire to become a pastry chef is the strongest. Blessed with unparalleled technique, instructor Mitsuki Aoi acts like a prince and is hugely popular at the school. Gilbert Hanafusa, the mood maker of the bunch, is a student from France. Yoshinosuke Suzumi is not very good at expressing his feelings, but underneath his stony exterior lies a wholehearted passion for wagashi (Japanese sweets). As Sayuri pours her heart and soul into making her dream a reality, she encounters many happenings... (Source: NTV) Unaired episode bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Box-Set. "Wake Up, Girl Zoo!" is a small zoo located in the outskirts of Sendai. On the verge of closure, its director Tange and breeding staff Matsuda must set out to find a new animal unit for the zoo. How will they revive the zoo with the seven newly gathered animals? (Source: Official website) Bonus included in a Blu-ray/DVD disc of μ's live concert that took place in Saitama Super Arena on February 8th and 9th, 2014. OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs. Hajime Tsunashi is an otaku shut-in that runs a blog, attends anime conventions with his cross-dressing younger brother, and is a surprisingly good cook. Kaoru Tsunashi is a hard-working, smoking, socially-drinking office lady with an overprotective father. Despite coming from two completely different worlds, these two couldn't be more in love with one another… even if she has trouble understanding the vast and complicated world of anime and manga that her husband is deeply entrenched within. Danna ga Nani wo Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken is a slice of life anime that explores the life and times of a newly married couple, filled with heartwarming scenes that showcase how the two of them grow as people through their relationships and their friends. Movie of Peeping Life. To celebrate the ten years of Kazuma Kamachi's professional career as a writer, Dengeki released a video showing the main cast of Kamachi's works as they gather for the 10th anniversary event. (Source: Toaru Majutsu no Index Wiki) TV series of Konna Watashitachi ga Nariyuki de Heroine ni Natta Kekka www Rodeo is a normal high school boy who aims to be like GRANRODEO. Gra-P, a self-proclaimed music producer who comes from the future, tries to help him. Unaired episode 13 released with volume 7 of the Blu-ray and DVD. Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Selector Infected WIXOSS . Short flash episodes included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. The story centers on Moyako Konoe and her younger brother Akira. When they were younger, Akira proposed to her, so Moyako thinks he is a pervert who has fallen in love with his older sister. Moyako's misunderstanding leads her to create wild delusions about her brother. Episodes #1: Ane Prologue #2: Ane Furo #3: Ane Morning #4: Ane Friend #6: Ane Ponytail #8: Ane Hip Specials bundled with the Blu-ray/DVDs. A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) Short Flash specials streamed alongside with the series. Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Volume 2 and Volume 7. Short specials included in the Blu-ray Box 1 & 2 of Gundam Build Fighters. Episode 1: SD Kishi Fighters First Half Episode 2: SD Kishi Fighters Second Half Episode 3: A Letter Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Anime shorts created in collaboration with IBM. Episode 1: Cooking-hen Episode 2: Navigation-hen Episode 3: Fashion-hen Episode 4: Kaigi-hen Koyomi Araragi is studying hard in preparation for his college entrance exams when he begins to notice something very strange: his reflection no longer appears in a mirror, a characteristic of a true vampire. Worried about the state of his body, he enlists the help of the human-like doll Yotsugi Ononoki and her master Yozuru Kagenui, an immortal oddity specialist. Quickly realizing what is wrong with him, Yozuru gives him two choices: either abstain from using the vampiric abilities he received from Shinobu Oshino, or lose his humanity forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite] BD/DVD specials. Limited edition OVA episode of Miss Monochrome. Second season of Oniku Daisuki! Zeushi-kun series. An adventure by Il-ho the Satellite Girl and a shy cow to save the world from a black monster. "The Satellite Girl and Milk Cow" is a debuting animation by Jang Hyeong-yoon who is also known as the 'genius director' for his achievements in the omnibus movie "Indie Anibox: Selma's Protein Coffee" and others. (Source: HanCinema) OVA adaptation of the same name shoujo manga. Bundled with the November issue of the Ciao magazine. Koro-sensei reminisces about his first meeting with Karasuma, where they first butted heads and fought against each other, ultimately coming to respect one another. However, Karasuma eventually points out their actual meeting wasn't nearly as eventful. (Source: ANN) Recap episodes of Ai Tenchi Muyou! Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes. We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World. (Source: AniDB) Extra contents of Konna Watashitachi ga Nariyuki de Heroine ni Natta Kekka www (TV) that only streamed on YouTube and Nico Nico Douga. Countdown of the ten best Youkai Watch moments. In a world where yin and yang has lost its balance and day merged with night, humans and monsters learn to coexist. Our hardworking censorates do their best to fight the ‘untamed’ monsters in this joyful story. (Source: EIH Scans) A foxy temptress. A strange misty tree demon. A girl with the power of the goddess Xianjia! Being caught between these women is a feat in it of itself, but our hero Feng Xi must fight in order to protect the peace and save the world! (Source: EIH Scans) Recap of Ookami Shoujo to Kuro Ouji TV series. A short commercial for Saison Card about a girl breaking cinderblocks with her face. Picture Drama episodes bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes. Sakuraba tries to draw Shirasaki, and things take a turn for the ecchi. Recap episode. Special included on Kuroko no Basuke Fan Disc 2: Hikari Sasu Basho e. Peeping Life Collaboration with Beppu City. After "ruining" Ghost in the Shell and Nodame Cantabile, the writer/director/Flash animator Frogman's Calorie Mate sponsored Channel 5.5 parodies its next target, Riyoko Ikeda's influential shoujo classic Rose of Versailles. Mayo Suzukaze reprises her role as Oscar François de Jarjayes, a girl raised as a man to become her father's successor as leader of the French royal Palace Guards, which Suzukaze previously performed in the Takarazuka Revue stage musical adaptation of the work. (Source: Crunchyroll) Channel 5.5's first series of spoofs parodies Kindaichi Case Files. (Source: Crunchyroll) Anime Project Channel 5.5, energy supplement Calorie Mate and Eagle Talon's Frogman have teamed up to present a spoof of the new Ghost in the Shell: Arise series. Though Maaya Sakamoto voices the famous cyborg Motoko Kusanagi in the Arise OVA, Sumire Uesaka stars in the parody. (Source: Crunchyroll) Following their run of comedy shorts with Sumire Uesaka as Ghost in the Shell: Arise's Motoko Kusanagi,  Project Channel 5.5, energy supplement Calorie Mate and Eagle Talon's Frogman will next been spoofing classical music manga Nodame Cantabile. And like GitS, there will be some cast changes. Yuuki Kaji takes on the role of perfectionist piano student Shinichi Chiaki, previously voiced by Tomokazu Seki, while Tomoko Kaneda is his free-spirited foil Megumi Noda, previously voiced by Ayako Kawasumi in the earlier adaptations of Tomoko Ninomiya's josei manga. (Source: Crunchyroll) Prologue episode of Channel 5.5 3rd Season. Prologue episode of Channel 5.5 4th Season. Hong-Kong made fifth sequel of "My Life as McDull". (Source: AniDB) Mini-theater specials bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Amagi Brilliant Park. Picture drama featuring zombies from Zombie Kurei Anime. Collaboration between Studio Binzo and J-toys Channel. Features zombies from Zombie Clay Anime. Stop-motion animation about pudding. Picture drama episodes included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume eight, nine, and ten. A Chinese film version of the original Japanese Ikkyuu-san anime. Recap episode voiced over by Kaori and Saki, who talk about the developments in the show. Included in the 5th volume of the Blu-ray/DVD releases. Protagonist XiaoFei used to be an ordinary guy from H city. After the spring water was contaminated with a virus, however, he unexpectedly encountered an unprecedented crisis. The people living in H City became zombies one by one, devouring each other, and gradually evolving. Can XiaoFei escape from H city and meet up with his girlfriend Wei? The story now begins... (Source: The Faiien Scans)  A public service special for rubella vaccines. Most of this episode recycles the animation sequences from episode 5 of Kana Kana Kazoku but new dialogue is put in. In addition to the flash anime, 3 short special episodes were included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. Episodes #1: Sekai no Ane Ijin no Jikan #2: Moya-nee Boot Camp #3: Ane Denwa Soudan Another short bonus included in a Blu-ray/DVD disc of μ's live concert that took place in Saitama Super Arena on February 8th and 9th, 2014. musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive. Norasco episodes made for and screened at 109 Cinemas during previews. The films were fully included intermittently on the 4-disc DVD release of Norasco . The first and sixth episode were also posted on the official youtube page at later dates. A special of Hakusai Anime . Cinema intro shown before the movie K: Missing Kings and included as a bonus with the Blu-ray/DVD release. Kana Kana Kazoku picture drama style Alice in Wonderland interpretation of Kanagawa Prefecture's tourism sights. Kana Kana Kazoku CMs using new animation. Kana Kana Kazoku recap of first 5 episodes. Picture Drama episodes from the special contents DVD bundled with the Haikyuu!! 3DS game. Short animation by Sawako Kabuki. Peeping Life collaboration with Takemoto Denki, an electronics company. The short focuses on a career fair booth between the attendant and job hunting student. Zhiquiang is a young boy who loves playing League of Legends with his friends. The series follows his crazy adventures. Spin-off series of Zombie Clay Animation: Life of the Dead . A series of short commercials advertising Calbee's snack products. The first commercial, which premiered in August, was made to mark the 50th anniversary of the company's Kappa Ebisen snack. Yugo has been repeatedly telling her father a bedtime story that she was the only human visitor to a fantastical kingdom in the clouds where she befriended two animals, Lala and Uncle Bear. The three fought the evil Tiger General, who had risen up against the kingdom's ruler. It was the former ruler's dying wish that Lala would replace him. Missing her friends, Yugo finds her way back to the fantastical kingdom where she finds a disheartened Uncle Bear. He is sad that Lala is leaving him to move into the palace. However, Lala is unsure if she is the right one to rule the kingdom. Meanwhile, a new sinister plot is developing. The kingdom's ancient behemoths have shrunken in size after their annual migration. While investigating, Yugo, Lala, and Uncle Bear are trapped in the underground kingdom of the rats where all the shrunken animals have ended up. With the help of an ingenious mole, they fight the rodent soldiers and escape. Yugo tracks down the very last behemoth in the kingdom and learns that the kingdom's water supply is being deliberately poisoned. When they learn that the only uncontaminated water left in the kingdom is under the control of the militaristic rats, Yugo and her furry friends must save the kingdom again. (Source: Wikipedia, edited) The story begins with a car accident one rainy night on the forest highway. Logger Vick retrieves a suitcase from the scene of the accident and reveals what’s inside. From then on, peace and quiet are no longer within the forest. The lives of Vick and the bears will be forever changed, as they are thrown into the middle of a huge conspiracy. Who is behind this conspiracy? And what deeper secret does it hold? (Source: Official website) Little Yeyos are seven little spirits living in the mythological Chinese spirit world who wander about only at night. The little intern is always the one who gets ignored and taunted, including today, when he gets kicked out of bed by the female Yeyo to turn off the alarm clock. But the discovery of a mysterious dot of light changes things...if only for a little while. (Source: Official Youtube page)  A lost form of magic is revived from the Eastern Han dynasty, meanwhile, dangerous man eating monsters lurk the streets. What will stop these beasts from their mindless terror? (Source: Happy Potato Translations) The place is Kyoto, Japan. The bride has a mishap just before the wedding ceremony. Her father and mother get into a panic, her younger sister runs around, and her pet just sits still. This is a story of a family. (Source: Official Youtube channel) A collaboration commercial between Gaist Crusher and Mameshiba. A series of cross-promotional shorts with Joysound featuring Show By Rock characters. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia) Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN) Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region. A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site) Makoto Kubota wandered through life, not taking things too seriously or looking too deep within himself. His job as the head of the Izumo Group's youth gang kept him pleasantly occupied with yakuza wars, mahjong and assassinations... Until the day he stumbled upon a strange drug called Wild Adapter that produces bizarre side-effects—including death. Forever changed, Kubota becomes entangled with a drifter named Minoru Tokito, and the two form an unlikely companionship that draws them deeper into the mystery of Wild Adapter... (Source: Tokyopop) Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. The fifth season of Hetalia . It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world. Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It's a heartwarming and sometimes nonsense comedy about an elementary school boy Tomoo Kinoshita. With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series. Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow. Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] You can tell witch training is not going swimmingly for the young sorceresses Akko, Lotte, and Sucy—they face expulsion for screwing up one class too many, and their only way out is if they successfully organize their academy's annual parade through a nearby town. But when they stumble upon the momentous discovery that the objective of the parade is to humiliate witches and commemorate their past subjugation, Akko decides it is time for a change: It is time to show the world how fantastic modern witches truly are! However, with the other girls struggling to keep up with Akko's grandiose ambitions, and everything from mischievous boys to slumbering giants getting in their way, maybe pulling it off will require not only all the magical prowess the pupils of Luna Nova Magical Academy can muster, but also a miracle. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The third anime adaptation of the otome game Uta no☆Prince-sama♪ . Starish are given new assignments in newly divided teams, and they do their best in order to try and impress Shining Saotome into allowing their entry to SSS, a top level music contest. Meanwhile, Haruka works with the Quarter Night. Magic is what makes the fictional world of Earth-land go 'round, and its many mage guilds work together—or sometimes against one another—to bring balance to that world. Each guild flaunts unique features in hopes of being the best guild on the planet. Lucy Heartfilia, a 17-year-old girl, is desperately searching for the perfect guild. After running from her father, she wanders the city in search of Gold Keys, for they unlock the Celestial Spirits that are so vital for her magic. With so many wizards around, it's a journey that's very challenging and dangerous to go alone. Yet a fateful encounter with Natsu Dragneel (a wizard who largely resembles a dragon) leads her to a guild known as Fairy Tail , which soon becomes her new home. Her happiness amongst new-found friends is overshadowed by the evil powers of malicious guilds and the mysterious dark wizard Zeref. Their lives are about to take an unexpected turn as they battle evil, fight for their guild, and uncover fragments of their past. It will shake the foundations of who they are as people, and help explain why Earth-land has fallen into this state to begin with. The new Nukko. anime is an adolescent school story revolving around Nukko and Nukko's slightly(?) oddball friends. (Source: ANN) A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals. Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story. Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series. Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia) New series of Tamagotchi!. Upon finding some camping equipment in the clubroom, the Amusement Club decide to go camping together for summer vacation, with the student council deciding to tag along. After spending the day making curry, the girls form pairs to go on a test of courage before hitting a bathhouse together. (Source: Wikipedia) Second season of Kiniro Mosaic . Tomoya Aki, an otaku, has been obsessed with collecting anime and light novels for years, attaching himself to various series with captivating stories and characters. Now, he wants to have a chance of providing the same experience for others by creating his own game, but unfortunately, Tomoya cannot do this task by himself. He successfully recruits childhood friend Eriri Spencer Sawamura to illustrate and literary elitist Utaha Kasumigaoka to write the script for his visual novel, while he directs. Super-group now in hand, Tomoya only needs an inspiration to base his project on, and luckily meets the beautiful, docile Megumi Katou, who he then models his main character after. Using what knowledge he has, Tomoya creates a new doujin circle with hopes to touch the hearts of those who play their game. What he does not realize, is that to invoke these emotions, the creators have had to experience the same feelings in their own lives. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] At the behest of the Queen, Earl Ciel Phantomhive hosts a lavish dinner party attended by several of the finest members of polite society—as well as struggling author, Arthur. But as the party reaches its high, a terrible murder takes place and none other than the Earl himself is suspected of the crime. As a violent storm rages on outside, the death count continues to climb. The Phantomhive household and their eminent guests find they must cooperate in order to solve this mystery before they too fall prey to the mysterious murderer. However, it seems that not even the perfect butler, Sebastian Michaelis, is safe from this horror. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The most anticipated card game, Duel Masters had returned after 2 years since the battle in the past season. However, Katta Kirifuda once the strongest duelist, is now a year 2 middle school student and had lost his passion of dueling throughout the 2 years, and dreams of curry bread every day. However, after an encounter with the baseball ace, Hokaben, a mysterious duelist and a reunion with his childhood friend Lulu Takigawa, he rekindled his dueling spirit and return to his journey of becoming the strongest duelist. With new friends and rivals and Katta's passionate duelist soul, the greatest battle begins! (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) Shouta Handa is a jobless 25 year old who is sick and tired of his boring life. One evening, at the class reunion, he gets to meet all of the cute girls that used to be his classmates. He soon discovers that they are all successful with interesting careers, and even more importantly—really beautiful now, with bigger curves. Unfortunately, it seems that they are all aware of his boring, unsuccessful life, so they mock him and call him a loser, just like in the old days. Everything changes when Shouta goes for a walk to have a smoke and accidentally falls into the school swimming pool. This triggers a supernatural phenomenon that takes him back ten years into the past. He finds himself in the same swimming pool during swimming class, surrounded by his female classmates in bikinis. How is Shouta going to deal with their cuteness and closeness now that he is a grown man in a boy's body? Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa). Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN) Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN) There are many idols with long-established talent agency 346 Production. And now the company is starting a new program, the Cinderella Project! Girls leading normal lives... They are chosen to be aspiring idols and see another world for the first time in this Cinderella story. Can they all climb the stairs that lead to the palace? The magic begins now... (Source: Daisuki) With just five students (none in the same grade ), the four girls of the tiny Asahioka Branch School still enjoy watching cherry blossoms, playing in rivers, digging potato, and building igloos together. The pace is very slow yet enjoyable and heartwarming. (Source: ANN) A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday. Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Zoku picks up immediately after the events of the first season, continuing the adventures of the Volunteer Service Club—the dispassionate Hachiman Hikigaya, the cheerful Yui Yuigahama, and the competitive Yukino Yukinoshita—as it dedicates itself to helping any student with issues that they may face. With the rift among his own group widening, Hachiman begins to realize that his knack for quickly getting to the root of other people's troubles is a double-edged sword: sometimes the best solution is not necessarily the most appropriate one. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Episodes released on DVDs bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the Nisekoi manga. Unaired anime-original OVA bundled with 12th volume of the Hitsugi no Chaika novel. Second season of the Yowamushi Pedal series. Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends. Following their triumph against Yousen High, Seirin's basketball team has reached the semifinals of the Winter Cup along with Kaijou, Rakuzan, and Shuutoku. Each of these teams possesses a member of the Generation of Miracles, and Seirin prepares to face the largest obstacles on their path to winning the Winter Cup. In the final season of Kuroko no Basket , Kuroko goes head-to-head with his old teammates once more as he attempts to show them that individual skill is not the only way to play basketball. His firm belief that his form of basketball, team play, is the right way to play the sport will clash with the talents of a perfect copy and an absolute authority. While Kuroko tries to prove that his basketball is "right," he and the rest of Seirin High ultimately have one goal: to win the Winter Cup and overcome the strength of the Generation of Miracles, who have long dominated the scene of middle and high school basketball. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bundled with the limited editions of 17th, 18th, and 19th volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga. Included in the Ciao Ciao TV bonus DVD that bundled with the August issue of the Ciao magazine. (Source: AniDB) When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind! (Source: MU) Bundled with the limited edition 5th, 6th, and 7th manga volumes. The main protagonist of Koufuku Graffiti is a girl named Ryou Machiko who lives alone while attending art school. Ryou absolutely loves to cook (she learned how to from her grandmother who wanted her to grow up to be a fine wife) but lately, all of her dishes have been tasting horrible to her. One day, she gets a sudden call from her aunt who tells her that her second cousin Kirin will be staying with her on the weekends because she wants to attend the same art school as her. Soon after Kirin arrives, Ryou learns a valuable lesson and completely changes her perspective on cooking which is that good meals are meant to be eaten with loved ones and that's what makes them taste great. Over the course of the series, Ryou cooks a variety of dishes for her cousin, friends, neighbors and anyone else who drops by her apartment! This is not a series that you'll want to watch on an empty stomach! The babes and boys of the Occult Research Club are Back! Lovable loser (and bust buff) Issei and his clan of bewitching beauties return for a new season of supernatural tussles and sexy shenanigans—featuring old friends and new enemies! Now that all the girls live in Issei’s home, life seems like nothing but fun and scantily-clad lounging…for now! Join Rias, Akeno, Koneko, Asia, Xenovia, Gasper, and everyone’s favorite Harem King Issei as they fight, fumble, and fondle their way through their demonic high school lives. (Source: FUNimation) When a mysterious creature chops the moon down to a permanent crescent, the students of class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Middle School find themselves confronted with an enormous task: assassinate the creature responsible for the disaster before Earth suffers a similar fate. However, the monster, dubbed Koro-sensei (the indestructible teacher), is able to fly at speeds of up to Mach 20, which he demonstrates freely, leaving any attempt to subdue him in his extraterrestrial dust. Furthermore, the misfits of 3-E soon find that the strange, tentacled beast is more than just indomitable—he is the best teacher they have ever had! Adapted from the humorous hit manga by Yuusei Matsui, Ansatsu Kyoushitsu tells the story of these junior high pupils as they polish their assassination skills and grow in order to stand strong against the oppressive school system, their own life problems, and one day, Koro-sensei. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day. The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source:  YouTube) Unaired episode bundled on 7th Blu-ray/DVD volume of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou . Princess Yona lives a life of luxury and ease, completely sheltered from the problems of the seemingly peaceful Kingdom of Kouka; however, the sudden murder of the king and betrayal of her beloved cousin Su-won places Yona's life in mortal peril. Forced to escape only with Son Hak, who is both her childhood friend and bodyguard, the naïve princess soon discovers that Kouka is not the idyllic place she envisioned it to be. Poverty, strife, and corruption run rampant, making reclaiming the throne nothing more than a wishful fantasy given the kingdom's current state. Based on the popular manga of the same name by Mizuho Kusanagi, Akatsuki no Yona follows Princess Yona on a coming-of-age adventure as she faces the harsh realities of her kingdom. With only a mysterious legend to guide her, Yona must discover a way to restore Kouka to its former glory while being pursued relentlessly by the forces of the new King of Kouka. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In a hidden school surrounded by mountains, young ladies of good families are taught everything a high class lady needs to know. They are also completely cut off from the outside world, keeping them sheltered and innocent; however, a problem has come up recently—more and more graduates are failing to cope with the modern world after graduation. To deal with this problem, they've decided to kidnap a male commoner student, and enroll him as a student. They hope that this will be a gentle way to introduce the girls to the outside world. Kagurazaka Kimito is chosen for this dubious honor, mostly because he seems utterly average; however, the school leaders also seem to have concluded he's a homosexual with a muscle fetish. When Kimito hears that the alternative may be castration (to protect the girls' purity), he eagerly plays along with this misconception. Now he'll just have to survive the attention of many high class young ladies that are completely out of touch with the world! (Source: MangaHelpers) Bundled with limited edition of the 58th Gintama manga volume. The tagline for the bundled anime reads, "It's time for all the Yorozuya members ...to wake up just one more time." (Source: MAL News, edited) This special Gintama episode was previewed at a screening at Jump Special Anime Festa 2014. On April 3, 2015, it was bundled with a limited edition of the manga's 58th volume.  An Earth where peace has arrived. However, remnants of Frieza's army Sorbet and Tagoma (from the Japanese word for 'egg') arrive on the planet. Their goal is to revive Frieza with the dragon balls. Their dastardly wish is granted, the "F" that plans its revenge against the Saiyans is revived...! (Source: MAL) Poor Shinichirou Asano has the worst of luck. His parents abandoned him and ran off to Europe. If that isn't bad enough on its own, they barely left him any money to take care of himself. In order to pay rent and keep a roof over his head, he has to work. Unfortunately, he was just fired from his last job and as a high school student, he doesn't have many other prospects. One evening, he's attacked by a centipede monster on his way home. Shinichirou is saved by a mysterious girl with a bow and arrow, who he later discovers is Sakuya Shimazu, a beautiful student who attends his school. But when he later helps an injured girl, he discovers two things. First, the injured girl isn't human at all but rather a nekomata, a two-tailed demon cat. And second, Sakuya comes from a family of exorcists, who've protected humanity from rogue monsters and spirits for generations. Because Shinichirou was responsible for releasing the nekomata, Sakuya enlists his help in recapturing the demon, but that's just the beginning of Shinichirou's relationship with Sakuya. It turns out the Shimazu family needs a housekeeper and it just so happens that Shinichirou excels at cooking and likes to clean! It may not be his dream job, but if it pays the rent and puts food on the table... Eight years after the mysterious death of his father, Kaito Kuroba, a slightly mischievous but otherwise ordinary teenager, discovers a shocking secret: the Phantom Thief Kaito Kid—also known as "The Magician Under the Moonlight"—was none other than his own father. The former thief was murdered by a criminal organization seeking a mythical stone called the Pandora Gem, said to shed a tear with the passing of the Valley Comet that comes every ten thousand years. When the tear is consumed, the gem supposedly grants immortality. Vowing to bring those responsible for his father's death to justice, Kaito dons the Phantom Thief's disguise, stealing priceless jewels night after night to find the Pandora Gem before his enemies can use the power for themselves. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After living together for three years, Misaki Takahashi and Akihiko "Usagi" Usami's relationship has been progressing smoothly. However, all great relationships have problems, and theirs is just beginning. With a new rival on the horizon, Usagi worries about Misaki's feelings towards him. Meanwhile, Ryuuichirou Isaka has always loved to intrude on Misaki and Usagi's love life, but his own love life hasn't been all smooth sailing—Isaka and his secretary Kaoru Asahina have been dating for a few years; however, Asahina prefers to keep their professional and private lives separate, often leading to troubled waters between them. As for Nowaki Kusama and Hiroki Kamijou, now that their careers are finally taking off, they hardly see each other anymore. With the time they spend together lessening, doubts and insecurities threaten to creep in between them. On the other hand, the 17-year age gap between Shinobu Takatsuki and You Miyagi has been a constant barrier in their relationship, but as they learn more about each other, their self-consciousness continues to fade. The beloved couples of Junjou Romantica, Junjou Egoist, and Junjou Terrorist are back again, this time with a new addition: Junjou Mistake! [Written by MAL Rewrite] After the events following the first season, Nanami is filled with new challenges as the Land God of the Shrine. She faces these challenges with her two familiars Tomoe and Mizuki. Along these challenges, Tomoe begins to realize his true feelings for Nanami. It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass. On one such day, a Kuwagamon suddenly appears in Odaiba. Its rampage leaves the town in ruins, and the people there in turmoil. Taichi happens to catch sight of the Kuwagamon, and he chases after it all by himself in an effort to halt its rampage. But there's nothing he can do against a Kuwagamon. "It's no use... I can't do anything about this alone..." Just as the Kuwagamon roars and attacks Taichi, his Digivice begins to emit a bright light... "Taichi, look how big you've grown!" With the sound of that nostalgic voice, the story once again begins to move in a big way. Taichi Yagami, age 17; high school student. The adventure now evolves once again. (Source: Official website) The first movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura . Shirobako begins with the five members of the Kaminoyama High School animation club all making a pledge to work hard on their very first amateur production and make it into a success. After showing it to an audience at a culture festival, that pledge turned into a huge dream - to move to Tokyo, get jobs in the anime industry and one day join hands to create something amazing. Fast forward two and a half years and two of those members, Aoi Miyamori and Ema Yasuhara, have made their dreams into reality by landing jobs at a famous production company called Musashino Animation. Everything seems perfect at first. However, as the girls slowly discover, the animation industry is a bit tougher than they had imagined. Who said making your dream come true was easy? Amami Hibiki is a girl who can see ghosts and other supernatural phenomena in her surroundings. The stories follow her daily life with both her friends and the otherworldly. (Source: ANN) Working!!! is never easy, especially when your co-workers are as wacky as the gang at Wagnaria, Hokkaido's most beloved family restaurant. Over three seasons, they've become a family, and just like with most families, they spend a lot of time driving each other crazy. Everyone who works at Wagnaria has their own story, even "normal girl" Matsumoto Maya. In Working!!! , all the stories that have been told at Wagnaria build towards their endings. Romance, sibling rivalry, disappearing spouses, terrifying parents―things are getting pretty complicated. Will Kirio finally meet Aoi? Will Satou finally let Yachiyo know how he feels? Will Otoo-san finally find his wife? Will Popura get any taller? And just what the heck is going on between Souta and Mahiru? There's only one way to find out!  The warriors who have been warped by the rampaging power of Justice have been summoned into the world of Xanadu. It is up to Dark Fact, a former villain, and principal Lappi to re-educate these students. (Source: AniDB) A new OVA of the light novel Haiyore! Nyaruko-san, titled Haiyore! Nyaruko-san F , has been green-lit. (Source: MAL News) Based on the manga by the same name by Hiroyama Hiroshi, itself a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. Note: Bundled with the limited edition of the sixth Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma Illya 3rei!! magical girl manga volume. (Source: AniDB) The story takes place during a conflict between the Krakozhia Dukedom and the Grania Republic. In the midst of the fighting, a savior appears to the Krakozhia Dukedom, and it is a high school student named Yano Souhei. Two female soldiers, First Lieutenant Ruto and Second Lieutenant Haruka, appear in tanks to intrude on Souhei's everyday life, followed by the enemy soldier Shachirofu, all of whom use firearms without hesitation at his house. (Source: ANN) OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs. Unaired episode included with volume 7 of the Blu-ray/DVD. In an alternate universe, shy, awkward Yuki Nagato attempts to court her crush, Kyon, with the help of her best friend and neighbor, the perky and indomitable Ryoko Asakura. Together, the trio defends their high school literature club from extermination…and from the pestering of their over-the-top classmate Tsuruya and her friend and minion Mikuru. (Source: FUNimation, edited) Fourth season of Teekyuu series. Maria is a powerful young witch living with her two familiars in medieval France during the Hundred Years' War against England. As the war rages on and the innocent get caught in its destruction, Maria becomes fed up with the situation and begins using her magic to try and prevent further conflict in hopes of maintaining peace. However, her constant intervention soon attracts the attention of the heavens, and the archangel Michael is sent to keep her from meddling in human affairs. The divine being confronts Maria, and he forbids her from using her powers, issuing a decree that her magic will be taken if she loses her virginity. Though she is now labeled a heretic, Maria adamantly refuses to heed Michael's warning and continues to disrupt the war between the two nations. But as the Church begins plotting to take away the witch's power and put a stop to Maria's interference once and for all, her peacemaking may soon come to an end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The great music adventure in Show by Rock!! begins after Cyan decides to play her favorite rhythm game and suddenly gets sucked in, finding herself in a world called Midi City where music reigns supreme. She learns that anyone who delivers amazing and powerful music also has the ability to control the city. However, not all music is pure. An evil plan is set in motion to engulf the whole Midi City in darkness. Is it too late for Cyan to do something? Cyan Hijirikawa always regards herself as nothing but an ordinary girl living in a mediocre world. She has great talent and extreme guitar skills, but she also lacks the confidence to take the first step in realizing her dream to play in a band and be a music millionaire! Little did she know that an eminent power resides deep within herself—the power to defeat evil with her magical music! Join Cyan, Chuchu, Retoree and Moa in a world where music is everything. Rodeo is a normal high school boy who aims to be like GRANRODEO. Gra-P, a self-proclaimed music producer who comes from the future, tries to help him. Based on the Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma☆Illya 2wei! manga by Hiroshi Hiroyama, which is a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. There have been many cases of stolen songs happening among the idols in Yokohama District recently. Even super idol Marine Amagi's hit song "Kiseki no Uta" was taken away. At the request of Marine, the Milky Holmes team starts investigating the case. (Source: Crunchyroll)  Bundled with limited special first edition of the 14th volume of the Saki manga. Why should girls get to have all the fun? These magical boys are here to save the world from the loveless... at least that's what the pink wombat who gives them their magical powers wants them to do. In Binan Koukou Chikyuu Bouei-bu Love! , the main characters are the members of the "Earth Defense Club" at the Binan High School, though all they really want to do is hang out, goof off, and relax at the nearby Kurotama Bath. One fateful day, though, a pink wombat appears out of nowhere and forces these five high school students to become "Battle Lovers" and protect Earth from a trio of villains who are taking orders from a green hedgehog. Over the course of the series, the Battle Lovers will take on a variety of fiends, including the chikuwabu monster, a chopstick phantom, a monster remote control, and plenty more strange enemies! Will the heirs to the throne of love be able to protect Earth from those who want to destroy love? Or will the Earth Conquest Club fill the world with hate? Kyougoku Daijirou is the 15th generation owner of the Kyoto sweets shop Amashoudou. One day, Daijirou discovers a giant robot named Doamaiger D in his store's basement. At the same time, enemies called "Mekaijuu" appear in Kyoto and begin wreaking havoc. (Source: ANN) Despite having seemingly quelled the war between their respective gangs, Raku Ichijou and Chitoge Kirisaki still carry on with their fake relationship. Eventually, as Chitoge's perception of Raku slowly changes, she even begins to see him as a little charming. Chitoge struggles to come to terms with her newfound feelings for Raku, as a new girl joins the slew of Raku's admirers and the competition among those vying for the yakuza heir's attention grows even fiercer. And amidst all this, Raku's search for his first love and the contents of the mysterious sealed locket continues in Nisekoi: , which picks up where the first season left off. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Volume 2 and Volume 7. The psychologist Ryou and his cheerful nurse Asuna explain many aspects of mental illness to the reader. They cover topics such as the validity, prevalence, and origins of mental disorders, in addition to addressing specific disorders. The information is imparted in a cheerful and comic manner, with various jokes, puns, and pop culture references. (Source: MU) An original anime to advertise Urawa City in Saitama, Japan. Lupin is the main character in this series which takes place in Italy and San Marino. Reflecting its setting, the anime debuted in Italy before it aired in Japan. Lupin III fans will note that the titular thief now dons a blue coat, following his earlier appearances in green (first series and some OVAs), red (the second series as well as most films and television specials) and pink (third series). (Source: Crunchyroll) A letter arrives at Death Cram School. Inside is a an invitation to a spa resort. Yumi declares to the four excited girls that, "No. This is evil itself," points out that they are slacking off too much. Shiki proposes, "When opinions are divided, it's time for boob rock-paper-scissors!" and then wins so they all go to the pool. There, girls from Hanzoo Academy, Homura Crimson Squad, and Hebijo Clandestine Girls' Academy also come, but Asuka says, "Let's have fun together today" and they call a temporary truce. However, a trivial matter sets off a sour quarrel and, at Yumi's suggestion, they settle it with a showdown in the style of the ancient shinobi. (Source: ANN) Specials included with third and seventh volumes of the Blu-ray and DVD releases. Commonly known as the "Dungeon", the city of Orario possesses a huge labyrinth in the underground. Its strange name attracts excitement, illusions of honor, and hopes of romance with a pretty girl. In this city of dreams and desires, new adventurer Bell Cranel has his fateful encounter with the tiny Goddess Hestia. Thus begins the story of a boy striving to become the best adventurer and a lonely goddess searching for followers both working together to fulfill their goals. Several generations after the original Yatterman series, Leopard lives with her mother and guardians, Dorothy, Voltkatze, and Elephantus, just outside the prosperous Yatter Kingdom. She lives a happy if impoverished life, unaware of her ancestral ties to the infamous Doronbow Gang, until she discovers a mural of Doronjo, Boyacky, and Tonzura in a sealed off area of her home. It turns out that Dorothy, Voltkatze, and Elephantus are descendants of the villainous gangsters, which is why they have been forbidden from entering the hero Yatterman's Kingdom! At first, Leopard vows to never engage in villainous actions like her ancestors, but new circumstances may mean that she must go back on her word, donning the identity of villain in search of true justice. Second season of the Ketsuekigata-kun! series. When Takeru Amato moved into his new apartment in Akihabara, he was warned that there was one problem with it. He wasn’t warned, however, that the problem was a hole in the floor that leads to the realm of the zodiac gods. He also wasn’t told about Nyaa-tan, the eccentric, immature, prospective zodiac-sign cat. Nyaa-tan would like nothing more than to join the rest of the girls, otherwise known as Eto-shin, in the Chineze zodiac, but she’s going to have to fight to work her way in. Fortunately, establishing a relationship with Takeru can help her with that. In Etotama the members of the zodiac don’t just represent people’s births; they draw their power from positive human emotions in the form of energy called Sol/Lull. With this power, the Eto-musume, or potential Eto-shin, can change from their mostly humanoid appearances into smaller “pretty modes” that can battle with each other in the Eto world. Nyaa-tan needs to get Takeru to warm up to him fast, and not just because they’re living together. The ETM12 selection festival to determine the next member of the zodiac is coming soon. With Takeru’s good graces, Nyaa-tan just might be able to fight off the other Eto-musume and the 12 Eto-shin themselves, and finally take her place in the zodiac. St. Muse Academy: the place for the "sound of the spirits." In order for people to live pleasantly among the sound, there is an academy where people learn to balance and control sound. Now, the five failing students receive a special mission... (Source: MAL News) Second Youkai Watch movie. Arata is set to be expelled! The only way to save himself is to be taught more about the magic archives from the Trinity Seven themselves. With his muscular build and tall stature, Takeo Gouda is not exactly your average high school freshman. However, behind his intimidating appearance hides a heart of gold, and he is considered a hero by the boys for his courage and chivalry. Unfortunately, these traits do not help much with his love life. As if his looks are not enough to scare the opposite sex away, Takeo's cool and handsome best friend and constant companion Makoto Sunakawa easily steals the hearts of the female students—including every girl Takeo has ever liked. When Takeo gallantly saves cute and angelic Rinko Yamato from being molested, he falls in love with her instantly, but suspects that she might be interested in Sunakawa. With his own love for Yamato continuing to bloom, Takeo unselfishly decides to act as her cupid, even as he yearns for his own love story. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVA bundled with 12th manga volume. The OVA includes a popular chapter that was not adapted in the TV series. (Source: MAL News, edited) The Sakurada siblings live a normal life in a typical Japanese household. Well, that's what their father, the king, wants for them at least. As members of the royal family, each sibling possesses a unique ability, and over two thousand security cameras have been placed around town to make sure the children are safe and sound. Moreover, all nine of them have been designated as a potential successor to the throne with the decision that the next ruler will be selected through an election. However, for the timid Akane Sakurada, the third eldest daughter who wields the power to manipulate gravity, all of this attention is a complete nightmare. With all the cameras constantly monitoring the candidates and even broadcasting their actions on the Sakurada-dedicated news channel, she decides that if she becomes king, the cameras have got to go. But just how will she convince the public that she is the most suited to rule if she can't even overcome her own shyness?! Election season is in full swing as the search for the next king begins in Joukamachi no Dandelion . [Written by MAL Rewrite] A very strange thing happened to Mamiya Sakura as a child: She disappeared in the woods behind her grandmother's house. Of course, Sakura doesn't quite recall what happened next, but she's been seeing dead people ever since—ghosts at home, ghosts at school, and even ghosts on the street. Now that she's in high school, another strange thing has happened in her life. A desk next to her that's sat empty all year is suddenly filled by an oddly-dressed boy named Rokudou Rinne. Rinne seems to be capable of seeing the same things Sakura does, and sometimes, other people can't even see him . What sort of secret is Rinne-kun hiding, and how is he connected to Sakura's strange power? In Kyoukai no Rinne , another world exists alongside the one we live in. Thanks to Rinne, Mamiya Sakura will get to know this world and the wacky characters that inhabit it. New Precure All Stars movie. We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World. (Source: AniDB) The sixth season of Hetalia . A bus has been hijacked by armed robbers, but not to worry—vigilante fighter Strange Juice is on the scene. With a Bam, Pow, and Crack, she sends those baddies flying right out of the bus! All except the mastermind, unfortunately. To get past him, she’ll need some help from… a panty-powered superhero!? Yuuta Iridatsu is a pretty typical high school kid. Except for his tendency to faint every time he sees a girl’s panties, of course. After his encounter with Strange Juice, his soul gets separated from his body. But for Yuuta, this is more of a blessing than anything else, as it enables him to wander around unseen, looking up skirts and making trouble as much as he wants. For some reason, though, every time Yuuta gets too excited and faints, an asteroid hits the Earth. What gives!? Yuuta figures he’s got no choice. He has to find out why his love of panties threatens to destroy the world. And probably stop it. Right after this one last panty shot! Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end! When Ryuu Yamada entered high school, he wanted to turn over a new leaf and lead a productive school life. That's why he chose to attend Suzaku High, where no one would know of his violent delinquent reputation. However, much to Ryuu's dismay, he is soon bored; now a second year, Ryuu has reverted to his old ways—lazy with abysmal grades and always getting into fights. One day, back from yet another office visit, Ryuu encounters Urara Shiraishi, a beautiful honors student. A misstep causes them both to tumble down the stairs, ending in an accidental kiss! The pair discover they can switch bodies with a kiss: an ability which will prove to be both convenient and troublesome. Learning of their new power, Toranosuke Miyamura, a student council officer and the single member of the Supernatural Studies Club, recruits them for the club. Soon joined by Miyabi Itou, an eccentric interested in all things supernatural, the group unearths the legend of the Seven Witches of Suzaku High, seven female students who have obtained different powers activated by a kiss. The Supernatural Studies Club embarks on its first quest: to find the identities of all the witches. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The OVA will be bundled with the 7th volume of the manga, scheduled to ship on August 26, 2015. It will be a sea bathing episode. (Source: MAL News) Boruto Uzumaki has inherited the mischievous spirit and endless energy from his famous father, the 7th Hokage, Naruto. As he enters his Chunin exams, a harsh decision made by Naruto angers Boruto, causing their personalities to clash, awakening a fierce ambition within the young shinobi to surpass his father with his own skills and techniques. But in order to do so, he will need the help of none other than Uchiha Sasuke, Naruto's lifelong rival and childhood friend. Although Boruto has convinced himself that he has what it takes to surpass the 7th Hokage, he soon discovers that the road ahead is not nearly as simple as the young shinobi has envisioned. Boruto: Naruto the Movie opens the doors for a new generation of shinobi to put their abilities to the test, as they face a mysterious enemy and hope to restore peace to Konoha, and the hardships within their own families. The 7th Hokage certainly has an impressive battle history behind him, but on this occasion, he will need the strong teamwork of old friends and new talents in order to win. A story based on the super popular song series from NND. Eruna Ichinomiya, a freshman who dreamed of a school life filled with cuteness, entered a boarding school—Mikagura Private School. In this school, each of the cultural club representatives has to battle each other, with unique powers...!! What will happen to Eruna, who somehow ended up becoming the representative of a certain club?! (Source: Batoto) Hayato Izumi is running for student council president. He's studious, responsible, down to earth...and completely outmatched by his rival, Ui Wakana. Ui wins in a landslide after promising comprehensive sex education, free condoms, and other exciting reforms. Bloodied but not discouraged, Hayato licks his wounds and settles for vice president. Then Ui moves in with him. As it turns out, their parents made a drunken promise decades ago that their children would one day marry. Ui and Hayato must now balance school life with matrimony, keeping their relationship secret from a prudish student body and learning to live with each other. Can they keep the student council in line and find happiness together? Find out in Okusama ga Seitokaichou! People are not always who they appear to be, as is the case with Umaru Doma, the perfect high school girl—that is, until she gets home! Once the front door closes, the real fun begins. When she dons her hamster hoodie, she transforms from a refined, over-achieving student into a lazy, junk food-eating otaku, leaving all the housework to her responsible older brother Taihei. Whether she's hanging out with her friends Nana Ebina and Kirie Motoba, or competing with her self-proclaimed "rival" Sylphinford Tachibana, Umaru knows how to kick back and have some fun! Himouto! Umaru-chan is a cute story that follows the daily adventures of Umaru and Taihei, as they take care of—and put up with—each other the best they can, as well as the unbreakable bonds between friends and siblings. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A spin-off from Teekyuu which centers on the daily life of Nasuno Takamiya, the "exceedingly airheaded" school tennis club member in Teekyuu, and her friends. Second season in the Kaitou Joker anime series. The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure. (Source: ANN) Following their participation at the Inter-High, the Karasuno High School volleyball team attempts to refocus their efforts, aiming to conquer the Spring tournament instead. When they receive an invitation from long-standing rival Nekoma High, Karasuno agrees to take part in a large training camp alongside many notable volleyball teams in Tokyo and even some national level players. By playing with some of the toughest teams in Japan, they hope not only to sharpen their skills, but also come up with new attacks that would strengthen them. Moreover, Hinata and Kageyama attempt to devise a more powerful weapon, one that could possibly break the sturdiest of blocks. Facing what may be their last chance at victory before the senior players graduate, the members of Karasuno's volleyball team must learn to settle their differences and train harder than ever if they hope to overcome formidable opponents old and new—including their archrival Aoba Jousai and its world-class setter Tooru Oikawa. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The great detective Holmes does not solve mysteries or use deductive reasoning. He does, however, hunt vampires. Using three-minute episodes, Vampire Holmes retells the story of the great Holmes and his assistant. What begins as an ordinary detective agency takes a turn for the occult when the Metropolitan Police of London secretly hire Holmes and Hudson to investigate vampires. Or at least that's what Holmes would tell anyone who asks. In reality, he and Hudson spend most of their time sitting around arguing, and failing to solve any cases. Joined by the not-so-black, demon cat Kira, and their terrifying rent-hungry landlady, this is the story of the man who was most definitely not London's greatest detective. Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko? Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team. Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama 's third season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The dispassionate, transforming assassin Golden Darkness returns to peer deeper into the mysteries surrounding her new life, while a sinister Nemesis manipulates her younger sister Mea from the shadows. Along with their newly discovered mother, Tearju, this previously estranged family quickly becomes the center of everyone's attention. On the other hand, Princess Momo's Harem Plan stands on shaky ground amidst Rito's inability to confess to his longtime crush Haruna, who has grown feelings of her own. But things aren't as peaceful as they seem; an evil force looms amidst the innocuous commotion, threatening to eclipse the love, happiness, and friendship of Rito and his harem. Only the light of love can hope to banish the shadow. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Aoi Tokura is having a rough day. He’s used to being mistaken for a girl, but it’s even worse when a captivating stranger on the train calls him a creeper for staring a little too long. Aoi’s soaked by a sudden rainstorm and takes shelter at Rainy Color, a cozy café where the warmth of the staff compliments the sweet hot cocoa he’s served. When he falls into a job at the café he feels like things are finally looking up— until Keiichi Iwase, the man he couldn’t help but stare at on the train, shows up. Did this day just get worse, or better? (Source: FUNimation) The zany and cute-but-crude Wooser returns for another season in Wooser’s Hand-to-Mouth Life: Phantasmagoric Arc! Wooser is a creature that only cares about three things in life: meat, money, and girls. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited) Robot Girls Z+, the new Robot Girls Z anime, will be six monthly shorts that will debut next spring. The protagonists of Team Z will appear in the new shorts, along with the reformed Team G, Team LOD, Team Gou, and characters that first appeared in the franchise's online game. The new shorts' story will be based two classic "Toei Manga Matsuri" films, Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo) and Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo G - Kuuchuu Dai-Gekitotsu (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo G - The Great Space Encounter). (Source: ANN) The anime follows the daily life of an earnest, hardworking office lady named Kaoru and her otaku husband, Hajime, who is totally immersed in a certain huge net bulletin board system. (Source: ANN) Second season of Washimo series. Dreaming of becoming a top-tier professional in the fast-paced, competitive world of voice acting, rookie Futaba Ichinose frantically scurries around, searching for auditions and performance sessions. Rubbing elbows with some of the biggest names in the industry, she tries to find her own unique voice and style. Along the way, she befriends two important allies: Ichigo Moesaki, an aspiring idol who claims to be a princess from another planet, and Rin Kohana, a cheerful child actress who tries her best to balance her career and school at the same time. Together, the girls brave the ups and downs of the entertainment industry—but as for Futaba, whose performance assessment at her agency is just around the corner, her career might be over sooner than expected! Sore ga Seiyuu! is a humorous and sincere celebration of the industry that gives anime its voice. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tomoya Aki, Megumi Katou, Eriri Spencer Sawamura, Utaha Kasumigaoka and Tomoya's cousin Michiru Hyoudou (all members of a doujin circle called Blessing Software) go out location scouting for their project, a video game. As Eriri attempts to get Megumi to act out a scenario for the main heroine, Utaha lures Tomoya away and forces him to act out a romantic scenario with her. (Source: Wikipedia)  Special episode consisting of two short stories. The first being an expanded version of Detective Conan: The Fugitive Kogorou Mouri , which was never aired on TV till now. The second half being a brand new New Years Day segment. Hiroshi is tired of living alone so he orders a maid robot from a company called Happy ComeCome, but ends up with the robot mom Yoshiko instead. Yoshiko acts more motherly than Hiroshi's real mother, and over time she is able to heal his heart. (Source: ANN) Project by SynergySP announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. Some academic geniuses suffer from burnout. Others simply lose all interest in their studies and want to focus on other things. Junichirou Kagami falls into the latter category. He was once a teenage physics genius whose papers were published in Nature, Science, and other prestigious research journals. Unfortunately, upon graduating from college, he left the science field and became a shut-in whose life motto is "I can only do things I want to do." These days, Kagami spends all of his time watching anime, reading manga, collecting figures, and updating his blog. He seems satisfied with not having a job, but his younger sister, Suzune, cannot stand the thought of her brother being an unemployed loser for the rest of his life. She goes behind his back and gets him a job as a substitute teacher at his old high school. What lucky timing that the regular physics teacher had to go on maternity leave! And good thing his alma mater remembers him as that teenage genius! But can a hardcore otaku actually teach a bunch of high school students anything important and useful? A next fierce fight is about to begin after Katta Kirifuda finally become the Duel Masters National Tournament champion. Japan's largest theme park, Duel Masters Land has appeared. With numerous fun attractions and events, Katta was also having fun. However, after meeting the mascot of the park, "Duemouse", Katta got involved in a ridiculous conspiracy of the park. A shadow that invades the Duel Masters World, which is the mysterious team of duelists! The mysterious identity of the legendary card is to be revealed. A new stage and revolution of Duel Masters befalls Katta! (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) The "unorthodox hard surreal gag" comedy centers around the narcissistic (narushi na) Hagito and the masochistic (domazo na) Kei. Together they are "Nar Doma." Hagito is a handsome yet pitiful man with a loli complex. Anytime, anywhere, a mirror is his constant companion. Surrounding him are a host of highly idiosyncratic characters: the diehard masochist Kei, the unnaturally strong yet girlish Totono, the exceedingly stylish working stiff Saitou, and the extraordinarily negative Roku. Even the one normal guy has his own issues. (Source: ANN) Based on a book by British travel and dining journalist Michael Booth. Follows Booth, his wife Lissen, and two kids Ansger (6) and Emil (4), on their 100-day trip to Japan as they try a wide variety of Japanese foods. Booth was inspired to make the trip by Shizuo Tsuji's book, Japanese Cooking, A Simple Art . (Source: ANN) First Haikyuu!! recap movie. One day after school, Asahi Kuromine stumbles upon the truth that Youko Shiragami, the girl he has a crush on, is actually a vampire. According to her father's rules, Youko must now quit school in order to keep her family safe. However, Asahi does not want her to go and promises that he will keep her true nature secret. Unfortunately, this turns out to be easier said than done, as Asahi is a man who is easy to read and is unable to keep any secrets to himself. And this is the only the beginning of his troubles—more supernatural beings enter his life, and he is forced to protect all of their identities or face the consequences. Jitsu wa Watashi wa follows Asahi as he deals with his new friends and the unique challenges they bring, struggles to keep his mouth shut, and desperately tries to win Youko's heart in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] With the introduction of strict new morality laws, Japan has become a nation cleansed of all that is obscene and impure. By monitoring citizens using special devices worn around their necks, authorities have taken extreme measures to ensure that society remains chaste. In this world of sexual suppression, Tanukichi Okuma—son of an infamous terrorist who opposed the chastity laws—has just entered high school, offering his help to the student council in order to get close to president Anna Nishikinomiya, his childhood friend and crush. Little does he know that the vice president Ayame Kajou has a secret identity: Blue Snow, a masked criminal dedicated to spreading lewd material amongst the sheltered public—and Tanukichi has caught the girl's interest due to his father's notoriety. Soon, Tanukichi is dragged into joining her organization called SOX, where he is forced to spread obscene propaganda, helping to launch an assault against the government's oppressive rule. With their school set as the first point of attack, Tanukichi will have to do the unthinkable when he realizes that their primary target is the person he admires most. [Written by MAL Rewrite] With a new year comes new adventures, especially at the Rabbit House! Since her arrival at the café, Kokoa Hoto has become accustomed to her new life as a waitress even though the Rabbit House isn’t the rabbit paradise she initially envisioned it to be. Life is pleasant, and she enjoys spending time both working and playing with her friends and fellow waitresses Chino Kafuu, a cute middle school student with a fuzzy bunny companion named Tippy, and Rize Tedeza, the pig-tailed daughter of a soldier who is readily armed for any scenario. Together with Chiya Ujimatsu and Sharo Kirima, who also work at neighboring cafés in town, the Rabbit House crew gets involved in all sorts of crazy adventures. Throughout these adventures, the girls encounter troubled novelists, rival cafes, secret treasure, and... alcoholic chocolates? [Written by MAL Rewrite] The March issue of Shueisha's Ribon magazine announced that a television anime of Kanahei's shoujo manga Onnanoko tte. (About Girls) has been green-lit. The shorts will premiere in February and run every Thursday in the children's variety program OhaStu (Good Morning Studio). The anime is about the many worries that girls have, such as pimples, dry skin, unwanted hair, drinking while driving, face turning red, and singing well at karaoke. The series explains matters regarding girls' bodies and minds through manga art and answers from experts. (Source: ANN) The second movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura . The third movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura . Nakagawa owns 10 cats in real life, and she adores one in particular named Mamitasu, the anime's namesake. The anime depicts the slapstick comedy of the idiosyncratic 10 cats and the folks in the unusual "Nakagawa family." (Source: ANN) Ushio Aotsuki is a stubborn middle school student and son of an eccentric temple priest who goes about life without care for his father's claims regarding otherworldly monsters known as youkai. However, as he is tending to the temple while his father is away on work, his chores lead him to a shocking discovery: in the basement he finds a menacing youkai impaled by the fabled Beast Spear. The beast in question is Tora, infamous for his destructive power, who tries to coerce Ushio into releasing him from his five hundred year seal. Ushio puts no trust in his words and refuses to set him free. But when a sudden youkai outbreak puts his friends and home in danger, he is left with no choice but to rely on Tora, his only insurance being the ancient spear if he gets out of hand. Ushio and Tora's meeting is only the beginning of the unlikely duo's journey into the depths of the spiritual realm. With the legendary Beast Spear in his hands, Ushio will find out just how real and threatening the world of the supernatural can be. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime adapts artist Daisuke Kimura's four-panel manga of the same name, the story centers on vegetables that children hate, everyone hesitates to eat, and are smelly. The series follows these vegetables as they visit a bar to share drinks together while they talk about their worries. (Source: ANN) In 2017, a group of genius scientists achieve a remarkable breakthrough in bioengineering. However, all the new technologies are put into military use, beginning a new round of arms race. Vanguards, as the most significant achievement of the modern bioengineering and the most advanced weapon, are widely utilized in the race. Although vanguards are exceptionally combat-effective, their life expectancy is shortened by the nanomachines they use. Usually, most vanguards will retire from the army after a number of years in service. The heroine Liuli has also consumed too much of her lifespan after executing missions for a long time. With only 380 days left in her life, Liuli receives a new mission, to rescue a hostage being held in a civilian facility. It is without doubt a difficult mission for a vanguard like Liuli, who only knows how to kill and battle. However, Liuli obediently decides to accept the mission in the end. During the mission, Liuli surprisingly finds that the man who holds the hostage was once a vanguard. The former vanguard Zhongrong Zhou cries and asks the government to hand over the son of Eden. As a vanguard, Liuli feels deep contempt against Zhou. To eliminate the scum of the vanguards, a battle between two vanguards begins... (Source: Official site, edited)  A series of absurdist gag stories with limited continuity. Each episode consists of a varying amount of stories and a total of 26 stories were made. The story revolves around Yuki Kurihara, a girl who has finally been granted her wish of dating her crush Momo. At first glance, she just looks like a normal but very cute girl. However, she is in fact a maniac over Momo, taking notes of his activities and never missing the chance to see him in a cute moment. Momo, on the other hand, is inexperienced in love, and just wants to make Yuki happy. (Source: ANN) The story follows the adventures of rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, her long-best human friend Airi Kirara and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewel Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. To restore people's belief in magic, Jewelpets transform into humans to study more about them. (Source: ANN, edited) Haruki Nakano lives an average high school life, except for the fact that his mother is overseas and he shares an apartment with his four sisters. There's the oldest, Mutsuki, who has a bad habit of falling asleep in his bed, the junior high school student Yayoi, who hits him whenever something happens, and then the grade school twins, Uzuki and Satsuki, who love to play pranks on their older brother. Stuck in a house with four girls, Haruki has to deal with all sorts of trials. From going grocery shopping, watching scary movies, to kissing practice, life is never boring in Danchigai ! The anime revolves around little creatures called "Kakusen" who live in the skin pores of humans. Child actor Yuuto Itou will return as the title character Nyuruo, a newborn Kakusen who was born in the nose. Nyuruo is ignorant of the world around him, but he is honest. His hobby is stamp rallies and his dream is to become a government worker. (Source: ANN) Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters. To help the fairy Queen find her disappeared friend Melody, who was a skillful music fairy from the Music Castle, Sally, Maggie, Michelle and Beibei encountering nine musical magicians and fighting with dark musical witch Voiceless. Sally and the fairies suspect that Melody is connected with the dark power behind the scene. While, what is the truth? (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia) Hotaru Tachibana has a strong sense of justice and just cannot help confronting those who choose to perform malicious acts. Furthermore, Hotaru is actually a girl who likes to disguise herself as a boy. After hearing rumors that her best friend was tricked by the popular host of a local club, Hotaru seeks to punish the evildoer. Upon arriving at the club, however, she is challenged to a so-called "survival game" by the host Masamune Matsuoka, where the first person hit by the bullet of a toy gun will lose. After a destructive fight which results in Hotaru's loss, Masamune forces the young "boy" to join his survival game team named Toy Gun Gun, in order to repay the cost of the damages that "he" has caused inside the club. Although she is initially unhappy with this turn of events, Hotaru quickly begins to enjoy what survival games have to offer and is determined to pay off her debt, much to the dismay of Tooru Yukimura, the other member of Toy Gun Gun. As time goes on, Hotaru begins to develop a close friendship with the rest of the team and hopes to take part in realizing their dream of winning the Top Combat Game (TCG), a tournament to decide the best survival game team in Japan. Although Hotaru tries her best, there are just two little problems: she is absolutely terrible at the game, and Toy Gun Gun doesn't allow female members on their team! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Amagi Brilliant Park . The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls recap aired between episodes 7 and 8 as part of a special program featuring the seiyuu of Uzuki Shimamura, Rin Shibuya, Mio Honda, and Producer. After the National Tournament, the Seidou High baseball team moves forward with uncertainty as the Fall season quickly approaches. In an attempt to build a stronger team centered around their new captain, fresh faces join the starting roster for the very first time. Previous losses weigh heavily on the minds of the veteran players as they continue their rigorous training, preparing for what will inevitably be their toughest season yet. Rivals both new and old stand in their path as Seidou once again climbs their way toward the top, one game at a time. Needed now more than ever before, Furuya and Eijun must be determined to pitch with all their skill and strength in order to lead their team to victory. And this time, one of these young pitchers may finally claim that coveted title: "The Ace of Seidou." [Written by MAL Rewrite] New Tamagotchi! anime series. Located on the outskirts of Tokyo, Hachimitsu Private Academy is a prestigious all-girls boarding school, famous for its high-quality education and disciplined students. However, this is all about to change due to the revision of the school's most iconic policy, as boys are now able to enroll as well. At the start of the first semester under this new decree, a mere five boys have been accepted, effectively splitting the student body into a ratio of two hundred girls to one boy. Kiyoshi, Gakuto, Shingo, Andre, and Jo are quickly cast away without having a chance to make any kind of a first impression. Unable to communicate with their fellow female students, the eager boys set their sights on a far more dangerous task: peeping into the girls' bath! It's only after their plan is thoroughly decimated by the infamous Underground Student Council that the motley crew find their freedom abruptly taken from them, as they are thrown into the school's prison with the sentence of an entire month as punishment. Thus begins the tale of the boys' harsh lives in Prison School, a righteous struggle that will ultimately test the bonds of friendship and perverted brotherhood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The seemingly ordinary and unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby: being a hero. In order to pursue his childhood dream, he trained relentlessly for three years—and lost all of his hair in the process. Now, Saitama is incredibly powerful, so much so that no enemy is able to defeat him in battle. In fact, all it takes to defeat evildoers with just one punch has led to an unexpected problem—he is no longer able to enjoy the thrill of battling and has become quite bored. This all changes with the arrival of Genos, a 19-year-old cyborg, who wishes to be Saitama's disciple after seeing what he is capable of. Genos proposes that the two join the Hero Association in order to become certified heroes that will be recognized for their positive contributions to society, and Saitama, shocked that no one knows who he is, quickly agrees. And thus begins the story of One Punch Man , an action-comedy that follows an eccentric individual who longs to fight strong enemies that can hopefully give him the excitement he once felt and just maybe, he'll become popular in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Third season of Yuru Yuri . Summary movie of Hamatora The Animation and Re:␣Hamatora . Super deformed Hamatora . Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.1. With his parents abroad, Kimihito Kurusu lived a quiet, unremarkable life alone until monster girls came crowding in! This alternate reality presents cutting-edge Japan, the first country to promote the integration of non-human species into society. After the incompetence of interspecies exchange coordinator Agent Smith leaves Kimihito as the homestay caretaker of a Lamia named Miia, the newly-minted "Darling" quickly attracts girls of various breeds, resulting in an ever-growing harem flush with eroticism and attraction. Unfortunately for him and the ladies, sexual interactions between species is forbidden by the Interspecies Exchange Act! The only loophole is through an experimental marriage provision. Kimihito's life becomes fraught with an abundance of creature-specific caveats and sensitive interspecies law as the passionate, affectionate, and lusty women hound his every move, seeking his romantic and sexual affections. With new species often appearing and events materializing out of thin air, where Kimihito and his harem go is anyone's guess! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Animated bloopers included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the Kuroko no Basket 3rd Season .  Funassyi, the popular pear-shaped mascot character of the Tokyo suburb Funabashi, will premiere its own series of television anime shorts on March 30. The Funassyi no Funafunafuna Hiyori (Funassyi's Aimless Days) shorts will run every weekyday within the morning variety program Sukkiri!! Besides Funassyi, the anime will feature the brand-new character Guressyi (voiced by Lynn) and Nashigami-sama (Naoki Tatsuta). (Source: ANN) Second season of The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls . The story centers around the activities of Wakaba Kohashi, "a slightly out-of-tune super" daughter of a well-to-do family, and her friends. Wakaba (literally, "young leaves") looks like an elegant rich daughter, but she admires the trendy gyaru fashion subculture. There is also the pure, innocent, fairy-tale-like Moeko. Mao is capricious and behaves in her own way. Nao used to be an athletic type of girl, but now loves the boys-love genre. (Source: ANN) Second Haikyuu!! recap movie. The first episode adapts two bonus chapters from Mizuho Kusanagi's 12th manga volume, titled "On That Back" and "Kija." "On That Back" follows an incident at a hot spring hotel, and "Kija" depicts the past of the Hakuryuu Kija. The second two episodes adapt the rest of the Zeno Arc and were bundled with the 21st and 22nd volumes of the manga. (Source: ANN) Extra episode of Nagato Yuki-chan no Shoushitsu bundled with the limited edition of the 9th manga volume. For thousands of years after its development, mankind used the written word for communication between people and generations. As millenia passed and technology became more prevalent, writing - and thus, communication as a whole - diminished, until it could only be found on cell phones and computer screens. Seeing an opportunity, the sorcerer Sogan Kenzaki starts infecting words with the Nesta Virus, which brings them to life and turns them into monsters called MJBK (Menace of Japanese with Biological Kinetic energy). To counter this attack against humanity, an organization known as DEAVA (Division of EArth Verbalism Ability) assembles a group of youths with the ability of "Verbalism". They have to pilot the vector machines, which are used to form the mechas dubbed "Aquarions". The one wild card in the situation is the self-dubbed "savior", a young man who is the direct relative of a famous calligrapher, named Akira Kaibuki. The Ultra Super Pictures Special Stage event announced at AnimeJapan 2015 on Saturday that the Miss Monochrome television anime series will receive a second season. The season will run within the 30-minute Ultra Super Anime Time block beginning on July 3, 2015. (Source: ANN) Unaired Sengoku Musou High School segments bundled with the third through sixth Blu-ray volumes of Sengoku Musou . A comedic family of Americans experience life in Japan. With the Inter-high over and as the end of summer approaches, Sakamichi trains intensely with Imaizumi Shunsuke and Naruko Shoukichi so he can carry on Team Sohoku’s spirit of supporting each other entrusted to him by Kinjou Shingo, Makishima Yusuke, and Tadokoro Jin, the third years who will be graduating before long. One day, Team Sohoku receives an invitation to the Kumamoto Fire Country Mountain Race, an invitational race for teams that performed well at the Inter-high, and their captain Kinjou decides their core Inter-high team will attend. (Source: Crunchyroll) Follows a pig whose family's mission is to collect underpants. MILPOM★ will be stop motion shorts that feature dolls in a surreal world for girls. (Source: ANN) A New Year's special for Kana Kana Kazoku, welcoming the 2015 year. Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Chibi versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters. Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series. An episode of Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC that acts as an advertisement for a related Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC game, aired in Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC's regular time slot a week after episode 12. "A hero" is a job that in the face of danger and adversity or from a position of weakness, display courage and the will for self-sacrifice. Would you like to work as such a hero in our company? You may transform, manipulate a huge robot or fight as a squad. Shall we realize your dream in our "Hero Company"?! (Source: MU) The school love story is set at Baramon High School, a private boys' school for the prefecture's most elite. The protagonist is a seventeen year old boy who transfers into the school and meets various major players on campus, such as the outlaw teacher, the soccer captain, and a childhood friend whom the protagonist has not seen for seven years. The school presents opportunities for friendship, love and conflict, and changes are now bound to happen in the main character's life. (Source: ANN) The official website for the Tiger & Bunny anime announced on Friday that the Pacifico Yokohama's National Convention Hall of Yokohama is hosting special Tiger & Bunny concerts with a new short anime on September 19 and 20. The franchise's composer Yoshihiro Ike is personally conducting the "Sternbild Orchestra & Band" for live performances of music from the television series and two films. (Source: ANN) Long, long ago, an epic catastrophe, known as Invertia, caused a complete change in the world's power balance. In the years following this disaster, a group known as the Integrated Enterprise Foundation rose to power. In addition to this massive change, a new breed of humans born with amazing physical skills known as Genestella also emerged and joined the ranks of humanity. Gakusen Toshi Asterisk follows the story of Ayato Amagiri, a student who has just transferred into one of the six most elite schools for Genestella students in the world—Seidoukan Academy—where students learn to control their powers and duel against each other in entertainment battles known as festas. Unfortunately, Ayato gets off to a rough start. When trying to return a lost handkerchief to a female classmate, he accidentally sees her changing which leads to her challenging him to a duel. What most people don't realize however, is that Ayato has no real interest in festas and instead has an alternative motive for joining this prestigious school. What is Ayato's big secret? Will he be able to keep up his act when surrounded by some of the greatest Genestella in the world?  Fifth season of Teekyuu series. Episode 13 included with the Blu-ray/DVD release. A collaboration shorts that aired as part of Yomiuri TV's morning program block. Short animation series screened during intermission at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku. The official website for the Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches television anime series revealed on Sunday that the anime's first Blu-ray Disc and DVD box sets will include a Yankee-kun to Megane-chan collaborative manga and anime. (Source: ANN) Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB) Itoshi no Muco depicts the life of the pet dog Muco and its owner Komatsu, who lives in his glass-making workshop in the mountains. (Source: ANN) A short series featuring the mythical Pokemon Hoopa. Set just after the events of the Buu Saga of Dragon Ball Z , a deadly threat awakens once more. People lived in peace without knowing who the true heroes were during the devastating battle against Majin Buu. The powerful Dragon Balls have prevented any permanent damage, and our heroes also continue to live a normal life. In the far reaches of the universe, however, a powerful being awakens early from his slumber, curious about a prophecy of his defeat. Join Gokuu, Piccolo, Vegeta, Gohan, and the rest of the Dragon Ball crew as they tackle the strongest opponent they have ever faced. Beerus, the god of destruction, now sets his curious sights on Earth. Will the heroes save the day and prevent earth's destruction? Or will the whims of a bored god prove too powerful for the Saiyans? Gokuu faces impossible odds once more and fights for the safety of his loved ones and the planet. OVAs based on the "past arc" of the series, which spans the 14th through 17th volumes of the manga. (Source: MAL News) Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases. Hacka Doll app delivers a customized feed of news for each user. The user answers some simple questions when launching the app for the first time, and then the app will filter the news that caters to the user's personal interests. With daily use, the app automatically analyzes and learns which news articles the user reads and recommends to further personalize the feed. The anime personifies the app's customization engine as three "Hacka Dolls" — the personal entertainment AI and main navigator Hacka Doll #1, the anime expert Hacka Doll #2, and the knowledgeable otaku Hacka Doll #3. (Source: ANN) The story follows the everyday life of Somera Nonomoto who can use the strongest kenpo, Nonomoto Mahou-ken, which is inherited from her mother with her younger sister Kukuru. (Source: Crunchyroll) Prequel to the first Usavich season. Kaijuu Sakaba is a real tavern where kaijuu costumes from the Ultraman franchise are on display. Events are held where people can dine with the actors dressed in the kaijuu costumes. In honor of Kaijuu Sakaba's grand re-opening in Kawasaki and opening of a second tavern in Osaka this anime was made to focus on the kaijuu working at a tavern and the tribulations that come with it. Matsubara-kun commemorates the 60th anniversary of Matsubara's incorporation as a city. (Source: ANN) When darkness threatens the world, four heroes hold the only hope for salvation—if they can even manage to get out of the first town, that is. Bikini Warriors follows a party of beautiful adventurers in revealing armor: courageous Fighter, airheaded Paladin, timid Mage, and alluring Darkelf. But can you really be an adventurer if you don't get going on an adventure? Our heroes are eternally broke, insufferably vain, and frequently outmatched by the dangers of their world. Between fleeing dungeons and robbing peasants, the unlikely heroes will have to learn to live with each other before they can survive a battle with ultimate evil! The three-episode anime series is a spinoff of the upcoming film Gokudou Daisensou (Yakuza Apocalypse). The series will stream on GYAO! starting on May 30, and Movie Channel NECO will broadcast the series starting on June 5. As in the film, Denden will play the boss of a bar, but with a snail motif. The actor's stage name, in part, comes from dendenmushi, which means "snail." (Source: ANN) The Konica Minolta "Tenkuu" Planetarium in Tokyo Skytree Town will run a Chibi Maruko-chan planetarium show from July 18 to August 31. The show, titled " Planetarium Chibi Maruko-chan, Hoshi ni Negai wo " (Planetarium Chibi Maruko-chan, Wish Upon a Star), celebrates the 25th anniversary of the Chibi Maruko-chan anime since it first aired in January 1990. (Source: ANN) Promotion video for Shougo Kinugasa and Shunsaku Tomose's light novel Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e . Voice actresses Aya Suzaki and Asuka Nishi announced at an event in Tokyo on Sunday that their Suzakinishi radio program will get a television anime adaptation starting in July. The Suzakinishi The AanimationN anime will air on Tokyo MX TV, TV Kanazawa, and Sun TV. (Source: ANN) Third season of Washimo series. A short series created to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the NECO broadcast channel. It focuses on the backstage chatter and concerts of a band called Onigirizu. (Source: LiveChart) Extra episodes of Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi! Original short anime bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Sora no Method . Bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes of Arslan Senki (TV) . During the live-stream of the Majo Labo! program, it was announced that Kakusansei Million Arthur will be receiving an ONA adaptation. The ONA will be based on the official 4-koma web comic and will run for four cours, debuting in Fall. Kakusansei Million Arthur is a card-battle game based on the legend of King Arthur. One million people also claim this title, wielding their own Excalibur. Developed by Square Enix, the game was originally released on iOS and Android in 2012 and since received a PlayStation Vita and Nintendo 3DS version in 2014. The comic is based on the game and is drawn by Choboraunyopomi ( Ai Mai Mi ). It was published online in October 2014 and currently, there are 17 chapters. (Source: MAL News) A new OVA for the idol girls series Futsuu no Joshikousei ga [Locodol] Yatte Mita. has been announced on the anime’s official Twitter. The news was first given at the 2nd Early Summer Nagarekawa Festival which took place at the Differ Ariake Arena in Tokyo today, and consisted of live events including the main cast of the anime. (Source: MAL News) Stars Ehime Prefecture's mascot Barysan. Unaired episode of Himouto! Umaru-chan included with the manga's seventh compiled volume. In the 21st century, the characters of Fist of the North Star are living in peaceful Japan. In particular, Kenshirou is a convenience store worker, Raoh works at a factory, and wracked by illness, Toki is looking for work. The legend of the Fighting NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) North Star begins in the modern day. (Source: Crunchyroll) Note : Short stories adapting Hokuto no Ken: Ichigo Aji manga are included at the end of each episode. Serving as a spinoff gag manga of the original Hokuto no Ken series, the story is a parody of Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara. It consists of page-long gags centered mainly on Souther, both within his final battle with Kenshiro and inserting himself into other parts of the series where he doesn't belong. One recurring gag involves the kid with a turban repeatedly stabbing Souther in the leg every time he climbs the pyramid's staircase, and another involves Rei suddenly transforming into Souther in his iconic moments. (Source: Hokuto no Ken Wikia) musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive. Two special episodes of Inferno Cop . The first features cameos of characters from Little Witch Academia. Specials bundled with limited edition Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya 2wei Herz! . Unaired short specials included in the second through fifth Blu-ray and DVD volumes Etotama . Five three-minute episodes will air in a month. The anime will have segments about the state of salarymen throughout Japan, such as how many eat bread or rice for breakfast. (Source: ANN) Fifteen-year-old Komori Shuri is a junior high school girl who is too nice to decline requests. Constantly doing favors for other people has given her incredible strength?! But even so, she is also an adolescent junior high school girl. An anime overflowing with the ups and downs of everyday life! (Source: Batoto, edited) Short specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases. Schick x Evangelion commercials. Anime shorts that offer a secret candid look at the daily lives of Monster Musume. The shorts will update almost every weekday, but each short will be available for 24 hours only. The weekends will have a digest version summarizing the week's videos. (Source: ANN) Specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Overlord featuring simplified character animations. Life at the Rainy Color café can never be described as boring. The arrival of the Koga brothers from England—Noel, always brimming with curiosity, and Nicola, somewhat shy and conservative—ensures that their sibling, café manager Shion, is kept on his toes. There's also another newcomer, cameraman/photographer Jun Arisawa, who holds a mysterious connection to café owner Koji Amami. Last but not least, there's a special photograph that incites all kinds of heartfelt and comedic reactions from the Rainy Color crew! (Source: YTV) After many years of dormant rest, a hot springs fairy awakens in modern-day Japan. However, while she slept, she took on the appearance of a young girl. She decides to cooperate with the locals whilst trying to regain her powers. (Source: LiveChart) Picture drama included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 3 Blu-ray/DVD release. Extra episodes included in the DVD volumes of Hetalia: The World Twinkle . A promotional video for the manga of the same name. Premiered at Anime Japan 2015 and was subsequently released on Bandai Namco's YouTube channel on April 2, 2015. The majority of the Matsuno household is comprised of six identical siblings: self-centered leader Osomatsu, manly Karamatsu, voice of reason Choromatsu, cynical Ichimatsu, hyperactive Juushimatsu, and lovable Todomatsu. Despite each one of them being over the age of 20, they are incredibly lazy and have absolutely no motivation to get a job, choosing to live as NEETs instead. In the rare occurrence that they try to look for employment and are somehow able to land an interview, their unique personalities generally lead to their swift rejection. From trying to pick up girlfriends to finding the perfect job, the daily activities of the Matsuno brothers are never dull as they go on all sorts of crazy, and often downright bizarre, adventures. Though they desperately search for a way to improve their social standing, it won't be possible if they can't survive the various challenges that come with being sextuplets! [Written by MAL Rewrite] A peculiar transfer student named Ougi Oshino has just arrived at Naoetsu Private High School. She is quickly introduced to senior student Koyomi Araragi by their mutual friend Kanbaru Suruga, in hopes of obtaining advice regarding a strange discovery she has made. After taking a look at the school's layout, Ougi notices that a classroom has appeared in an otherwise empty area—a place that should not exist. Unsure if this is the work of an apparition, Koyomi and Ougi attempt to unravel the truth behind this enigma. But Koyomi soon discovers, after finding himself locked in with Ougi, that the room holds the memory of an event he had long since forgotten. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  These shorts, included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases, take place in a timeline with multiple Umaru-chans.  In the story, a mysterious giant tank rocket begins stealing resources from various planets. On Earth, Yuuna and Boogoo get involved in the incident and disappear. In order to save Yuuna, Stitch teams up with Tiira. Yuu Aoi will guest star in the special as Tiira, an information analysis robot from the Galactic Federation. (Source: ANN)  According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015. (Source: Hobby Japan) The special will revisit the childhood past of the three sworn brothers Luffy, Ace, and Sabo, when they all dreamed of becoming pirates. In addition, it will depict how Sabo originally came into the kingdom of Dressrosa (which was not depicted in Eiichiro Oda's original manga or the television anime), as well as his reunion with Luffy from his point of view. Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. The autobiographical manga utilizes both drawings and photos of cats to chronicle the life of a woman who lives by herself in order to live with her cats. She is described as a "himono-onna," a Japanese slang word that means "a woman who is proper in public but lazy at home." (Source: ANN)  On his first day of junior high, Eren Yeager comes face-to-face with a titan—and has his lunch stolen! From that day on, he holds a grudge against titans for taking his favorite food from him, a cheeseburger, vowing to eliminate their kind once and for all. Along with his adoptive sister Mikasa Ackerman and their friend Armin Arlert, the trio traverse the halls of Titan Junior High, encountering familiar faces and participating in various extracurricular activities as part of the Wall Cleanup Club. A parody of the immensely popular parent series, Shingeki! Kyojin Chuugakkou places beloved characters as junior high school students, fighting to protect their lunches from gluttonous titans. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard. Unaired episode included in Blu-ray and DVD sets. Special of the Danchi Tomoo series. Sixth season of the Teekyuu series. Extra episode of Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei: Yoku Wakaru Mahouka! included in the BD/DVD. The story takes place in a certain ordinary town where it is natural for everyone to wear an animal costume head. It depicts the everyday life of the main character MILPOM and her friends who live there, filled with the essence of Kawaii and a little bit cynical girls. (Source: Crunchyroll) Hamaji Youhei, a high school freshman, lives his life aimlessly, lazing around all day. He can't keep up with his studies, no good at sports and won't stick with anything for long. Besides that he's a pervert who's continuously rejected by girls. A sophomore convinces him into joining a club where he could lunge at girls, fondling and touching all he wanted. Thus he joined the Water Polo Club. Can Youhei, who never sticks with anything for long, find his place in this club? The protagonist Bai Yue-Chu, searches for a bride in order to foil the plans of his family when suddenly a fox youkai falls through the roof. "Move your soul and body!" Each episode contains a variety of routines, such as push-ups, sit-ups, spine twists, dance, yoga, stretches, trunk training, and taichi. Five girls aiming to become idols will exercise with you, and that troubling body fat percentage will go down by 1000%...!? The series of "warm and soothing" anime shorts will follow a cat who is suddenly resurrected from the grave and begins to wander around town. Despite being a zombie, the cat is able to get all the townsfolk to fall in love with it. (Source: ANN) This "slow-life anime" is part of the datsuryoku-kei (ennui-style) genre of comedy that depicts the minutiae of everyday life. The series observes the daily lives of Heroes from the worlds of Tezuka Production and Tatsunoko Production, "evolved" for their modern TV appearances, and combines motion-captured improvised acting with computer animation into a series of comedy shorts. (Source: ANN)  Third season of Miss Monochrome: The Animation . Third season of the Ketsuekigata-kun! series. Three high school girls have mastered the art of cooking simple, B-class dishes called JK meshi. The three girls — Reina, Ryouka, and Ruriko — are all classmates in their second year of high school. They often get distracted when studying for tests, and when they do, they cook JK meshi. (Source: ANN) The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release.  Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release. Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release. A special of the Ojarumaru series. Unaired episode of Danchigai included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume. Music video by Sawako Kabuki.  Bundled with the tenth volume of One Punch-Man manga. While Saitama is training to become a hero, he needs one more thing before he can become a real hero. The origins of his hero suit is revealed. Ever since primary school, Nana has never been able to refuse the wishes of her friend, Yuyu, even if they were unpleasant things like matching outfits and hairstyles... She wanted to change herself! A story about real friendship and sympathy. (Source: MU) Japan has 47 prefectures and each one has a guardian spirit called a Dochamon. Dochamon Junior follows guardian spirits in training to one day take over the jobs of their elders. But these juniors have a lot of growing up to do before they graduate! A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) Thirteenth episode of Aoharu x Kikanjuu . Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man . The shorts follow a cedar tree named Cedric, who falls in love with a human woman. In order to remain with her, he hopes that she will use him to build her home. Centers around a girl named Akomi and her boyfriend Ponta Ninomiya. Ninomiya is a massive idiot who has no redeeming qualities aside from being really handsome. Follows the couple's everyday lives. (Source: ANN) Isobe Isobee is a lazy, slacker samurai with big dreams. He lives with his mother, who thinks highly of him. He lays around the house, sneakily looks at Edo-period pornography without his mother noticing, naps at school... but he plans to become a respectable samurai one day! (Source: MangaHelpers) Extra episode bundled with the second Blu-ray and DVD volume of Wakaba*Girl . Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases. Two special episodes of Mini Hama promoting the Fw:Hamatora movie. In an age when large-scale natural disasters frequently happen all over the world, when cyborgs and autonomous robots are beginning to appear on the market in technologically advanced nations, and major world powers compete for technology and resources, the divide between rich and poor grows and the future for the poor looks bleak. In this transitional stage, everyone wanders around in a self-indulgent daze and the way out isn't clear... This is the story of how two cybernetically enhanced girls meet. (Source: MU) Four picture dramas included on the bonus DVD. This special will have the Straw Hats fight Foxy again in the New World on Nebulandia, an island that nullifies Devil Fruit powers. Original short animation that aired as part of promotion for the event "Bunkyo+Waseda Bungo Week". The video aims to convey the appeal of Bunkyo and Waseda area in Tokyo. Gintama event anime that premiered at the Jump Special Anime Festa 2015 tour. Peeping Life collaboration with Kaijuu Sakaba, a real tavern where kaijuu costumes from the Ultraman franchise are on display. Events are held where people can dine with the actors dressed in the kaijuu costumes. This Peeping Life collaboration was in honor of Kaijuu Sakaba's grand re-opening in Kawasaki and opening of a second tavern in Osaka and focuses on the kaijuu's daily lives outside of fighting Ultraman. A new short episode of the Mobile Suit Gundam-san parody series. (Source: ANN) Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.2. Picture drama included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 4 Blu-ray/DVD release. An unaired episode bundled with the Nar Doma TV series' first DVD. A short manner movie that aired at 109 Cinemas from November 1 to November 30, 2015 before films. Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school and gets confessed to by a bunch of beautiful girls! The worst thing is, Jiang hao doesn't know any of the girls who confessed to him! What on earth is happening? (Source: Overworld Scans) Gudetama the lazy egg is being interviewed for Hot Topic's Hot Minute series. Kinyoru, Abe Reiji web exclusive episodes that were made to promote the Nissan Serena automobile. Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Super deformed versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters. Short anime of Arslan Senki (TV) characters working in an office environment. The first 3 episodes were released via NBCUniversal Anime/Music , and the remaining 3 episodes were released on October 5, 2016 when all 6 episodes were bundled in Volume 2 BD & DVD of Arslan Senki (TV): Fuujin Ranbu . Surprise special for the 1 year anniversary for Under the Dog's Kickstarter campaign. A cross-over between Frogman and Ryuuzou to Shichinin no Kobun-tachi . The Snack World follows a ragtag group of friends who embark on an adventure together. They live in a land similar to traditional fantasy settings but with certain modern twists like cell phones and convenience stores. Short comedy specials bundled with Okusama ga Seitokaichou! Blu-ray & DVD volumes. A short video produced for Toho Cinemas featuring Minions from the Despicable Me franchise and Godzilla. The Minions interact with the Toho logo. NTV's ZIP! and Peeping Life collaboration. Completely unscripted dialogue between NTV's announcers Mika Oguma and Taichi Masu and Peeping Life's Otaku-kun. SAT (Union Forest Company's Security division) and Peeping Life collaboration. A Mystical Winter is a magical, thrilling spectacle/family adventure that tells the legendary tale of The Mystical Spirit of Winter who maintains the harmonious balance on Crystal Peaks. Briar and Bramble were just cubs when they first heard the story. While getting lost in the woods, Bramble stumbles upon the lair of Neva, the Spirit of Winter and forms a long lasting bond with the mystical creature. Years later, the Spirit of Winter returns, and is being hunted by an ambitious collector. Bramble decides to go on a journey to find Neva, and save her from causing the dormant volcano on Crystal Peaks from erupting. (Source: Official website) The Zodiac Dragon is missing, and the World plunges into chaos. Jen, a righteous ten year-old girl, must join forces with the legendary Zodiac Animals to find Dragon, restore order to the world, and save humanity. When the Jade Emperor hears of Dragon’s five hundred year disappearance, impetuously he declares he is hosting a race, opened to creatures of all kinds, to replace the existing Zodiac.  Harmony on Earth is severely threatened. But wait, behind the entire calamity is a demonic Roach King conspiring a coup d’état of the entire Zodiac. Cockroaches! Millions and millions of cockroaches, ready to rule the World! On the day Jen inadvertently finds a Dragon scale, she encounters three talking animals -- a Pig, a Sheep, and a Horse - three of the twelve Zodiacs. Apparently, the scale is the only clue to Dragon’s whereabouts.  And to battle Roach King, Jen and the three have to find and unite the rest of the original Zodiac -- Rat, Cow, Tiger, Rabbit, Snake, Monkey, Rooster, and Dog. Together, they embark on a journey that though dangerous, turns out to be rewardingly heartwarming. (Source: Animation World Network) Sequel to the movie Legend of a Rabbit It’s been couples of years since Tu defeated Slash. More than a hero, Tu is regarded as the protector of the village defeating bandits and upholding justice. However, with no real foundation in Kung Fu, Tu has to start from zero in order to harness the Kung Fu skills which he inherited from the Grandmaster. One day, Tu rescues an old injured warrior who finally turns out to be the evil Zhan. Zhan plans to take over the world of Martial Art by acquiring a precious gem from the real successor Lan of Huo Clan. Upon confrontation, Tu fails to save Lan and the Martial of Fire. The reality hits him and Tu realizes he’s just a lucky rabbit who happens to inherit the Grandmaster’s Kung Fu. Therefore, Tu restarts to practicing Kung Fu as much encouragement from Penny and Biggie. As time goes by, Tu’s able to get on his feet and join his fellow warriors, Penny and Biggie, to stop Zhan’s evil plan, while Zhan is getting closer to his goal. Finally, Tu defeats against evil Zhan by holding the True Harmony of the Martial of Fire & Water. (Source: GSC Movies) A Halloween special starring Zonmi-chan. A soldier is being chased by several Zonmi-chan zombies. He shoots at them but is ultimately caught. Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Lupin III (2015) . The film adaptation of the One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes web manhua. Season 3 of One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes .  An episode that was released to celebrate October 1, 2015, China's National Day. Comedy episodes focusing on the strange daily life of characters from Nanocore . Bai Xiaofei lived a dull, boring life. That all changes when, on his way to find his girlfriend, he meets a mutant with unprecedented power. As an ordinary human being, Xiaofei felt totally out of his depth; there was no way he could defeat powerful enemies and track down the cause of these strange mutations. After giving himself a shot of body enhancer bought online, however, he gradually reaches his potential. (Source: Haoliners.net) A collaboration video between Animegatari and the new Ghost in the Shell film made to promote the film. Mameshiba commercials in a high school setting where Edamame gives life advice to turbulent teens. A story about two young demons who are always slacking off at work, a place that happens to be an organization that vows to keep the balance between the worlds of the living and dead by killing humans! (Source: Cave Scanlations) A CalorieMate x FROGMAN collaboration in a school setting. A CalorieMate x FROGMAN collaboration in a school setting. Matsubara-kun gives his support to Mackie, a fellow Matsubara city mascot, for the 2015 yuru-chara grand prix. The series focuses on the staff of the Keihime Railway Company. A "vertical" anime starring a coin with doglike properties. A variety of shorts centering around a suave banana. Based on a toy franchise published by the Banpresto gaming company. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Keshikasu-kun is an anthropomorphism anime about stationery. The main character is the eraser Keshikasu who aims to be an idol of the stationary world. He fights against other stationary and erases a mechanical pencil or gets crushed by a permanent marker. Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads. Unaired episodes of Angel Beats! included in the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and DVD, and another included in the Blu-ray Box.
