A very short introduction used before the first five theatrical Pokemon movies, narrated by Brock. It introduces the "World of Pokemon," and tells the viewer about Ash Ketchum's journey. Features some redone animation from the first episode. From out of the fires of space he was born... Kongo, a monkey made of stone, magically brought to life. Obsessed with a desire to learn and a need to be great, Kongo leaves his "family" on Flower Fruit Mountain in search of ancient knowledge and arcane wisdom. Not content to merely study and learn the mystical arts, Kongo masters the magic Jet Cloud, the first of his great weapons. With the power of the Jet Cloud, Kongo gains mastery of the air and returns to his adopted home just in time. Humans are laying claim to the monkeys` ancestral home. With his Jet Cloud and his newly-learned magical wisdom, Kongo defeats the humans and proclaims himself King of Flower Fruit Mountain. But in the Celestial Heavens, the gods are uneasy. A monkey defeating humans and declaring himself king? That cannot be allowed! They decide the monkeys must be taught a lesson and so they launch an attack on Kongo and all the monkeys of Flower Fruit Mountain. (Source: AniDB) Time has come to a standstill. A whale appears from a glassy ocean and spends half a day soaring gracefully across the skies. What makes this works extraordinary is the artist's decision to use the transparency and visual bulk of 3D computer graphics only for the un-moving ocean and glaciers. The people, whale, and ships are all hand-drawn, and with this contrast, he invites the viewer into a different world. This is a poem written in animation, the creation of a true fantasy. This project was a considerable under taking, and the results are marvelous. (Source: ANN) Anime adaptation of the children's fantasy novel by Daisaku Ikeda. One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN)    Based on the manga by Sasaki Takemaru. Nobi Nobita is a 4th-grade boy in Tokyo. One day, a round, blue cat-style robot (minus ears) pops up in his desk drawer. Nobita's great-great-grandson (or something) lives in the 22nd Century, but thanks to Nobita's mistakes, the entire family is living in poverty. To rectify this, Nobita's descendant sends Doraemon back to the past, to help prevent Nobita from making mistakes. Of course this is a difficult task since Nobita is the weakest and least intelligent child in his class. Doraemon does, however, have a 4-dimensional pocket on his front, which contains cool gadgets from the future. With these toys, Doraemon will try to help Nobita. Unfortunately, Nobita also has the bad habit of misusing Doraemon's gadgets and landing himself in yet more trouble! (Source: AnimeNfo) Movie version of the Doraemon: Come Back Doraemon Special. Finding a treasure is always been so hard! But, nothing is ever impossible for Doraemon and his magic tool. And so, with the help of Doraemon, Nobita and the rest of the gang set sail on a ship to find treasure on an islands. However on their way to the island, the ships have almost been destroyed and resulting Nobita to stray on an island with a young pirate while Doraemon and the rest of the gang somehow involved in a war between pirates.And so, their adventure begins... A double feature based on a best-selling children's books by Satoshi Hako. Karasu no Panya-san is about a crow bakery in the forest run by a couple and their children. Dorobou Gakkou is about the self-explanatory goings-on at an educational institute with a difference. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) Ten frogs set out in search of adventure in their swamp, sailing in a boat made from a running shoe. Based on the children's book by Hisako Madokoro and Michiko Nakagawa, the story of the frogs returned in a second episode, in which they went to a summer festival. Each episode has 2 stories in it. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) A double feature based on a best-selling children's books by Makiko Sato. Kyoushitsu wa Obake ga Ippai is about a boy named Dai-kun how tries to overcome his fear of ghosts when the Haunted House at his school festival turns out to be filled with real ghosts. Boku wa Yuusha da zo is about a boy named Hiro-kun who loves Hero video games and ends up switching places with one. A slice of life anime about a bunch of animals living in Paniponi village. A simple story of a the fairy Bonyo Bonyo being born from a lotus flower and making friends with frogs. Kitty and Mimmy try to bake a Christmas cake for the first time as a gift to their grandparents. But it's much harder than it looks. Kitty and Mimmy go to the south islands for summer vacation. There they meet an old man that seems familiar (aka Santa-san). Will the old man's secret be found out? An anime adaptation of the children's book series Doctor Dolittle. An NHK toddler's anime following a Spoon Princess and other kitchen themed characters. Ultra-Nyan's adventures continue. This time, he is tasked with finding the cause of the crows' sudden declaration of war upon the cats. Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the first series and contains Christmas Night & Kanga Games. Chou Tokkyuu Hikarian is about a series of bullet trains that are turned into robots. The robots, along with two humans named Tetsuyuki Shinbashi and Minayo Kanda, have to stop an alien invasion. (Source: Wikipedia) Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It was a successful science experiment gone horribly wrong. When a team of scientists discovers the DNA of the ancient Pokémon Mew, they harnessed the potential within it in an attempt to create the ultimate living weapon. With advanced cloning techniques and resources provided to them by Team Rocket crime syndicate leader Giovanni, the scientists succeed in creating the powerful psychic Pokémon, Mewtwo. Pokemon: Mewtwo no Gyakushuu reveals the terrifying power of Mewtwo as he learns that not only was he created to be an experiment, but also to be a tool for Giovanni’s sinister dealings. Breaking free of his control, Mewtwo creates his own island fortress and reconstructs the cloning technology that gave life to him. Under the guise of being a master Pokémon trainer, Mewtwo lures the best trainers in the world to his base. Among these trainers are Ash Ketchum, his loyal Pokémon Pikachu, and their friends Brock and Misty. United together, human and Pokémon alike, they must not only discover the hidden secret of Mewtwo's plans, but stand against his terrifying might. If they fail, Mewtwo’s vengeance will not only lead to tyranny over all the Pokemon, but also the extinction of the human race. Ash and his friends arrive at a Pokémon-only park. They set all their Pokémon loose and, after Ash tells Pikachu to watch over Togepi, they enter for a day of fun and relaxation. Unfortunately, it's not going to turn out the way they had hoped. (Source: Serebii) Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)  The sixth Crayon Shin-chan movie. In a small town, there is a small pharmacy called Fun Fun Parmacy. Popuri, a girl who recently moved in downtown, discovers this pharmacy and meets Miss Fukiko, who is actually a witch. Miss Fukiko gives Popuri a mysterious bottle that can create magic spirits. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live. A fun day at the amusement park is interrupted when the evil witch Dana is reawakened. Queen Yae has sent her after Rika and only the Doll Knights can stop this threat. Meanwhile, Dai and the others must deal with other dangers. (Source: ANN) Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the second series and contains Winter Games & Stantler's Little Helpers. A greedy collector, Lawrence III, wants to capture the legendary Pokemon, Lugia. But in order to do so, he must capture the Titans of Fire, Ice, and Lightning. The titans are powerful bird-like Pokemon, and if they are disturbed they will wage a war against eachother which will ultimately result in earth's destruction. Ash, Misty, and Tracey get caught up in the situation when they end up being washed ashore onto Shamouti Island. Soon after, Ash meets a girl named Melody who sends him into a mission where he must collect the 3 Orbs which will quell the fighting, but first Ash must gain help from the Beast of the Sea, Lugia, if he's to suceed. (Source: ANN)  The hit Danga San Kyoudai song was adapted into shorts that aired on NHK during commercial breaks in Okaasan to Issho's timeslot. The cheery series about three dango brothers was meant to give children quick lessons about sharing and humbleness. After bragging about receiving a space trip ticket from his father, Suneo concedes they would have to wait quite a while until they can actually go. So, Nobita and co. turns to Doraemon for it, but they were given a space simulation game to play together instead. Unfortunately an accident with another gadget occurred, leaving Suneo and Giant trapped inside the game, only to be picked up by someone from outer space. Nobita, Shizuka and Doraemon then pursued the UFO that has the game inside it which took them all to a real space adventure. (Source: ANN) N/A  Based on the classic children's book. An elderly man goes to the mountains to look for charcoal. There he finds 2 bear cubs which show him where there were delicious autumn chestnuts and mushrooms. He then is able to meet up with the cubs' mother--a bear he once rescued from a bear trap a long time ago. He then helps the family out by giving them some fattening cow's milks so that they will survive the impending winter. The moral of the story is that man and animal should live in symbiosis. Stop-motion animation using a hamster puppet. The anime usually has Sam singing, sometimes strumming his guitar, or dancing. Note: It is unrelated to Hamster S.A.M. the US children's book series. A brother and sister discover the digital world is more than 1s and 0s when a living creature arrives out of the family computer. The adventures of a group of children start with the appearance of a Digital Monster in the real world. (Source: ANN) An NHK toddler's anime following a green tea monkey and his mischief. A series of short segments featuring all of the Ultramen and their kaiju opponents, depicted in SD style, living together in harmony and enjoying everyday life. Various activities include domino contests, performing magic, daydreaming, and catching ghosts. 3 kids meet 5 micro-sized superheroes from another world who enlist in their aid in fighting off alien invaders. Three kids living in the Watermill Village were planning a picnic in the mountains. Of course Pico, a young hamster kid wanted to go to the mountain peak with her friends Tocho and Fufu. The three of them fall in a hidden lake beneath the mountains and discovered a giant fish named Aesop floating. The knew that the fish wanted to fly again, in order to do that, they must collect mystical scales all across the world. Because of this, they start their search for the mystical scales in order for Aesop's dream to come true. (Source:ANN) Pikachu and friends must rescue lost Togepi. (Source: Bulbapedia) Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] More adventures of Bikkuriman. When a group of kids head out for summer camp, they don't expect it to snow in the middle of July. Out of nowhere, the kids receive strange devices which transport them to a very different world to begin their Digimon Adventure ! Led by the plucky Taichi Yagami, the seven children must now survive in a realm far from home, filled with monsters and devoid of other humans. Luckily, they're not alone: each child is paired off with a companion digital monster called a Digimon. Together, the children and their new friends must overcome their insecurities, discover their inner strengths, and evolve into stronger fighters - literally. A force of evil is spreading through the Digital World, corrupting all the Digimon. The DigiDestined have arrived and it’s up to them to save the Digital World, if they ever want to see their home world again. A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. Guru Guru Town Hanamaru-kun follows the life of some children in a fictional town. The seventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. After being abused by her mother physically and mentally Asuka gets taken in by her grandparents. Slowly she learns her own worth as a human being and overcomes many obstacles. Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the third and last series and contains Delibird's Dilemma, Snorlax Snowman & Trouble in Big Town. Mii Snowdon is left on her own after her father disappears while investigating the mysterious letter-shaped pokemon called the Unown. The only clue to her father's disappearance is a box containing several tiles. While playing with these tiles, Mii makes a wish to see her father again, and this wish awakens the Unown—who summon the lion-like, legendary pokemon Entei to act as her father. Meanwhile, Satoshi heads to Greenfield with his faithful pokemon companion, Pikachu, to meet with his friends, Kasumi and Takeshi. When they reach the area, they are shocked to find the place crystallized. They quickly learn that the Unown are responsible for this, and that they will need to be defeated in order to restore Greenfield to its former beauty. The situation becomes personal when Satoshi's mother is kidnapped by Entei. To discover why his mother was taken away, Satoshi, along with his friends and pokemon, must travel the crystallized landscape to confront Entei and the Unown. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It's a comedy about children in elementary school. A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor. The Team Rocket leader, Giovanni, has found Mewtwo in a remote area of the Johto region. As Giovanni tries to re-capture Mewtwo, Ash and his friends are kidnapped by Domino, a new Team Rocket member, while trying to rescue Pikachu from Jessie and James. The Clone Pokemon are also captured and are then used as bait for Mewtwo. The situation then becomes a battle between the wills of Mewtwo and Giovanni; and Mewtwo also tries to discover if it and the clones have a purpose in life, even though they are products of science. (Source: ANN)  This is the fourth original animated piece for the Tezuka Osamu Animation theatre that takes up Tezuka Osamu's message of "Saving our Fragile Earth" as its theme, and together with Unico's adventures commemorates the theatre's first anniversary. Unico, a unicorn's child, has dropped down from heaven. During her journey on the north wind, she meets Tsubasa, a tree boy who can speak. The Earth has become totally ruined to the extent that no creature can live there, because humans have drained it of all resources and destroyed the environment. Unico and Tsubasa go on a journey to find a way to make the Earth inhabitable again. They finally meet the Sphinx and the "time fairy" at the end of their hard journey. They decide to go back to the past and prevent humans from taking the wrong path. However, they can stay in the past for only five minutes. Will they be able to alter the future of the Earth in such short time? Their adventures to restore the Earth begin... (Source: Official page) This movie takes place after the Adventure series ends. It begins when a new Digimon Egg is found on the internet, and manages to penetrate into almost every computer system in Japan. When the egg hatches, it's identified as a new kind of Digimon, a Virus-type. It sustains itself by eating data from various system, and starts wreaking havok in Japan. As it consumes more and more data, it continues to evolve. And Taichi and Koushiro decide it's time to stop it. They're off, sending Agumon and Tentomon through the internet to fight off this new enemy. But, with the Virus controlling systems like the American military, all too soon, this digital menace may become all too real. Calling in the help of Yamato and Takeru, they hope that they can stop what's already begun, and maybe save this world a second time. (Source: AniDB)  Nobita misses his granny that died a few years ago, so Doraemon takes Nobita to the past to see his grandmother one more time. But they face through a lot of things such as the younger selves of Nobita and his friends, and young Nobita's mother that doesn't recognize Nobita or Doraemon. (Source: Wikipedia)   A collection of four folk tales from Koshiji (from 2005, part of Nagaoka), Niigata prefecture (Echigo is the old name of Niigata). Episode 1: The Azuki Mochi and the Frog A mean old woman tells an azuki mochi to turn into a frog, if her daughter-in-law wants to eat it. The daughter-in-law hears this, and... Episode 2: Satori A woodcutter warms himself at the fire of deadwood, when a spirit in the form of an eyeball appears in front of him. The spirit guesses each of the woodcutter's thoughts right... Episode 3: The Fox's Lantern An old man, who got lost in the night streets, finds a lantern with a beautiful pattern, which was lost by a fox spirit. The next day, he returns it reluctantly, and what he sees... Episode 4: The Three Paper Charms An apprentice priest, who lost his way, accidentally puts up at the hut of the mountain witch. To avoid being eaten, he uses three paper charms to get back to the temple... (Source: Official site) One day Pop was out scavenging with Hana, and found a beautiful rose inside the Queen's garden. Curious, she picked the rose and brought it home. Unwittingly, that rose can cause all wishes to become true, whether good or bad. Good wishes will turn the rose white and bloom, while bad wishes will turn the rose black and wither. After a heated argument with her sister Doremi, Pop wishes that Doremi loses all her magic and be turned into a mouse. Hilarity ensues, as Doremi and the others try to put everything back to normal. (Source: ANN) Years after a young boy in America loses one of his Digimon friends, an evil viral Digimon successfully kidnaps the original Chosen Children. Their younger friends must race against time with their Digimon partners to discover the source of this new menace, and perhaps solve a years-old mystery. (Source: ANN) A summary compilation of the Kanto season of Pocket Monsters . (Source: AniDB) A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Children franchise. Pikachu meets the Pichu brothers and goes on an adventure through the city with them while trying to get back to the building where the rest of Ash's Pokemon are. Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality. While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix. He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time! Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When a group of kids head out for summer camp, they don't expect it to snow in the middle of July. Out of nowhere, the kids receive strange devices which transport them to a very different world to begin their Digimon Adventure ! Led by the plucky Taichi Yagami, the seven children must now survive in a realm far from home, filled with monsters and devoid of other humans. Luckily, they're not alone: each child is paired off with a companion digital monster called a Digimon. Together, the children and their new friends must overcome their insecurities, discover their inner strengths, and evolve into stronger fighters - literally. A force of evil is spreading through the Digital World, corrupting all the Digimon. The DigiDestined have arrived and it’s up to them to save the Digital World, if they ever want to see their home world again. Two children, Marin and Yamato, found a mysterious fairy in a park. It consists of nothing but Pokémon-speak--similar to the mini-movies that air with each theatrical movie. It's a short special based on life of the Pokémon Slowking. (Source: Bulbapedia and Graffitti studio) Doraemon and its friends open a hole in the time and they're travel to the Country of Mayana, a lost Mayan civilization in the jungle. There, Nobita will know its perfect double, prince Thio, heir to the throne. Both will decide to interchange papers to try to save to the Country of Mayana of the claws of the infernal Ledina witch and her evil forces. (Source: ANN) A young Felix the Cat and his baby pals find fun and mischief along their travels. The Nohara family is on a cruise heading towards a tropical island when suddenly the ship is invaded by a large group of monkeys. The simians capture all adults and take them to a nearby isle while leaving all children behind. It is up to Shin-chan and his friends to find and save the grown-ups. (Source: ANN) Digimon special, Mario Kart style racing. 12th Anpanman short movie. Hamster daily life. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Stray Sheep is based on the tales of Poe, a naïve, independent and curious ram who finds himself sleepwalking into the most unpredictable situations on his path to reuniting with his herd and finding the “ewe” of his dreams. (Source: ANN) 40 years ago, a Celebi was being attacked by a Pokemon Hunter. Luckily, a young boy named Sammy saved Celebi. Using its Time Traveling power, Celebi transported himself and Sammy 40 years into the future. There, Ash, Misty, and Brock assist Sammy to the healing lake in the forest so they can heal the wounded Celebi. Unfortunately an evil Team Rocket member, Viscious a.k.a. "The Iron Masked Marauder", tries to capture Celebi using his technology. As Ash and Co. try to get away from Viscious, they also run into Jessie, James, and Meowth, who also want to capture Celebi. Soon it becomes a race against time to get Celebi and Sammy back to the forest before Celebi is caught and is used to destroy the forest and themselves. (Source: ANN) The wild Mogacho creates havoc on Puri Puri Island. It's a fun-filled show about his adventures with his delightful friends. (Source: CDJapan) A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor. Kenta, a Pokemon master in the making, meets up with his childhood friend, Marina, at a Pokemon Center, to see how their skills have developed. Their battle is interrupted by a thunderstorm and the arrival of Bashou and Buson, two Roketto-Dan members using the Crystal System (which attracts Electric-type Pokemon). Their ultimate goal is to, under the guidance of Shiranui-hakase, bring Pokemon back to Sakaki. Kenta and Marina stumble upon this plan, and they try to stop it, but things get more difficult when the legendary Pokemon Raikou is captured. (Source: ANN) A summary of the full series aired as a TV specials. Hello Kitty movie starring the titular character as Thumbelina. Hello Kitty version of Sleeping Beauty by Charles Perrault. Sanrio's version of The Country Mouse and the City Mouse . Hello Kitty version of The Nutcracker . Hello Kitty 's version of The Swan Princess .  Kitty and friends re-create the story of Momotarou. Kitty and friends recreate the story of Puss in Boots . Bad Badtz-Maru and friends re-create the classic story of The Boy Who Cried Wolf. Kitty and friends re-create the story of The Three Little Pigs . Kitty and friends recreate the story of The Snow Queen .  Kitty and friends re-create the story of Hansel and Gretel. Kitty and friends recreate the story of King Midas . Pochakko stars in a recreation of the story of Jack and the Beanstalk . Bad Badtz-maru recreates the story of The Ant and the Grasshopper . Monkichi the Monkey recreates the tale of The Gold Axe and the Silver Axe . Pom Pom Purin competes in a race with a tortoise and a hare. Drakestail Pekkle lends money to the King who flings it away. Keroppi re-creates the story of Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp . Pekkle stars in the story of The Ugly Duckling . Pom Pom Purin recreates the story of The Northwind and the Sun . A summary of the Akage no Anne full series aired as a TV specials. Anne is an orphan full of imagination. When she arrives at her new home she learns that sometimes you have to be a sensible person too; at the same time her unique character changes, or at least attracts, the people around her. The story covers Anne's growth from about eleven to seventeen years old as she makes friends, goes to school and studies. At a difficult point in her life, Anne will have to make a hard choice and perhaps find a new dream. (Source: AniDB) After the events of 02, everything is finally getting back to normal. That is, until a strangely familiar icon starts showing up on computer systems around the Japan. And not just computer systems... TVs, mobile phones, video games; anything with a screen with online capabilities. And this icon seems to be looking for somone... Yagami Taichi, and Ishida Yamato, who defeated it several years before. Yes, it turns out that this jellyfish digimon is in fact Diablomon, the Virus-type Digimon that was defeated in the second movie. But this time, he's learned to make himself physical, and is sending thousands of copies of himself into the real world. Koushiro and Ken devise a plan to rid the world of the virus once and for all, but it'll take the help of all the Destined, past and present. Once again, it's a race against time to put a stop to Diablomon's plot... but even that is cloaked in shadow. Will the revival of Omagamon be enough to stop Diablomon a second time, or will the millions of copies prove enough of a power boost to shrug off the "Digimon Champion of Justice"? Of course, he hasn't seen the new breed of Chosen, nor the new techniques. It's a fight to the finish, with the destruction of Tokyo resting on the line. (Source: AniDB) As the 21st century approaches, a new 20th-century museum has opened in town, for the adults to relive their childhood. However, the owners of the museum seem to have other plans for it. The adults start to behave strangely, and one morning, they abandon their children for the 20th-century museum. Shinnosuke, along with his friends, must now rescue his parents and stop the world from returning to the 20th century before they get captured. (Source:  ANN) Nobi Nobita is a 4th-grade boy in Tokyo. One day, a round, blue cat-style robot (minus ears) pops up in his desk drawer. Nobita's great-great-grandson (or something) lives in the 22nd Century, but thanks to Nobita's mistakes, the entire family is living in poverty. To rectify this, Nobita's descendant sends Doraemon back to the past, to help prevent Nobita from making mistakes. Of course this is a difficult task since Nobita is the weakest and least intelligent child in his class. Doraemon does, however, have a 4-dimensional pocket on his front, which contains cool gadgets from the future. With these toys, Doraemon will try to help Nobita. Unfortunately, Nobita also has the bad habit of misusing Doraemon's gadgets and landing himself in yet more trouble! (Source: AnimeNfo)  No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Nobita and his friends gathered at Shizuka's house when they heard about the news about missing flocks of bird species. Nobita believed they were taken away by winged creatures and became obsessed on flying on his own. He created mechanical wings and upon the experiment he encountered an actual winged creature flying out of a time-space distortion. Upon helping him whose name is Gusuke, Nobita and his friends were sucked into the distortion and reached Gusuke's home, Birdpia or the world where the winged creatures live. (Source: ANN)  Haruno Kasumi is a fourth-grader. Her parents are zoologists who went over to Africa to carry out their research studies. In order to see off her parents, Kasumi arrived at Kasumi Town. In the middle of the town lies an enormous mansion surrounded by the forest. The mansion belongs to the Kasumi household, the family in which Kasumi will be lodging in and taken care of. There is a mysterious aura about the mansion and Kasumi discovers a series of talking appliances. The Kasumi family refers to these creatures as "Henamon". In return for living in with the family, Kasumi will be helping out with the household chores such as cooking and washing. Surrounded by various interesting characters, Kasumi begins a new chapter in her life. (Source: ANN) Afro Ken is a Japanese character created by the San-X company, which creates other anime-style characters such as Kogepan. He is a dog with a rainbow-coloured afro. He is innocent and blameless and always in a good mood. Afro Ken is always willing to try new things. Afro Ken is attracted to objects that look like he does. His hair changes to look like these things as he gets close to them. There is an Afro Ken Family Tree with other dog characters who have outrageous names, such as Techno Ken, Funky Ken, Lord Ken, Super Afro Ken, and Normal Ken. Unlike the others, Normal Ken does not have wild hair. (Source: Wikipedia) Mo~tto Ojamajo Doremi movie features the five witches Doremi, Aiko, Hazuki, Onpu, and Momoko as they visit Doremi's grandpa's home. There, they learn of the mystery of the frog stone, a magical place where magic used to mingle in the old countryside. Aiko rediscovers her love for grandpa, and Doremi learns a piece of the magical kingdom's past. (Source: ANN) Hello Kitty version of Snow White . Hello Kitty version of Cinderella . My Melody version of Little Red Riding Hood . Have you ever heard of the Vampirians? One noble family of such vegetarian vampires have been banished from Monsterland for their inability to scare humans. To lift the exile set on the family, Papa, the head of the household, must scare 1000 humans. To this end, he attempts to use his magnificent skills in making new inventions, but always and inevitably fails. To complicate things further, Papa's daughter Sue falls in love with a young human boy and no longer wants to return to Monsterland. Will Papa ever get his family back home? (Source: Production I.G.) A children's anime about police and their talking police cars. It has no steady plot. The anime talks about a little boy, Randy, whose dog, Chacha, died in an accident and was reincarnated into a living toy car. Each episode is told like the chapter of a storybook, where Randy learns a valuable thing in life with his cartoonish and goofy friend Chacha. Randy meets several friends in his neighbourhood, such as Catherine, the tall blonde girl in red long socks who rides a bicycle, or Mary, a little hot-tempered brunette girl dressed as a maid and who carries around a mop. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and the other pokemon play a game of hide and seek. Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It's Laura's birthday, and Laura isn't paying much attention to him. Hamtaro then went with the ham-hams to ham ham land. Hamtaro is searching for the magic sunflower seed, but, he will have to battle Maou-hamu for it. When an alien force attacks Earth, a giant sword falls onto the campus of Paradise Elementary School, transforming it into a flying vessel. The fate of the planet lies with one group of kids who must pilot powerful mecha to stop the invaders before it's too late! (Source: Anime-Planet) Note: Originally planned as a TV anime series, this ended up as a promotional video for its manga serialization on magazine Monthly Daiteioh. The Grand Evil was sealed in a cave behind an energized shield. But now, thousand years have passed and he is about to regain his former power to break away free from the shield. In order to prevent this disaster, the Elders of Fantasia have to take measure to keep the radioactive power in the shield. They send out nymph warriors to find and fetch Ki-fighter cocoons hidden somewhere in the word. During the mission, the nymphs come across with TaeRang, the Ki-Fighter, our heroic kid. He turns out to be the one who has a power to defeat of the Grand Evil, TaeRang sets on his way to find other weak creatures and their villages that are endangered by the unjust evil power. TeaRang is the one wise and brave kid to set it all to justice. (Source: ANN) Long ago, on an island called Altomare, there lived an old man and woman. One day, the couple found two small children lying on the shore, badly wounded. The couple took them in and took care of them, and the children quickly recovered. But then, the island was attacked by monsters. Within moments the island fell into the monsters' wrath. Next, before the old man and lady's eyes, the children who they had taken care of transformed into the Eon Pokemon, Latios and Latias. They called their family from the sky. They came, and carried a stone with them containing the power to force the monsters away. This gem was known as the "Soul Dew." Peace returned to the island; however, later in the present, a criminal duo—Zannâ and Rion—us seeking Latios and Latias in order to take control of the Soul Dew. Taking a short break in Altomare, Satoshi befriends Latias and is now dragged into the situation helping to save Altomare from becoming swallowed up by destruction again. (Source: ANN) Pecola is an orphaned penguin who lives with Pecolias, his Grandfather. Cube Town is an isolated small coastal village with such features as an art museum, beach, lighthouse (which has the number 36 above its entrance) and canal. It is located adjacent to Crescent Bay surrounded by the Rookery Mountains coastal range and served by regular ships (including a weekly freighter) that deliver mail, foodstuffs and other supplies plus occasional tourists from a nearby large metropolis named Cubic City. The heights above it lead into Glacier Valley which is snowbound even during summer. (Source: Wikipedia) After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) Kotaro was pretty much supposed to be your average boy, worried about the pressures of education while enjoying a simple life with his friends. Much to his despair, he one day finds the overly cheerful Misha at his door, asking to be friends out of nowhere. Even more shocking is that Misha is an apprentice angel, yet she does more bad then good. Along with Kotaro's school friends Takashi and Koboshi and the so called devil Shia (once again being able to do more good then bad), the group of friends spend their days getting into all sorts of adventures and troubles. Based on the manga by Koge-Donbo. 14th Anpanman movie. Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy. One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede. Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same... (Source: mirmo-zibang) 14th Anpanman short movie. Laura tells Hamtaro where he came from yet Laura thinks it is not true, just in time for his birthday, Hamtaro sets out with Boss and Oxnard to visit his mother to see if what Laura said is true, while the other Ham-Hams set up a surprise birthday party for him. (Source: Wikipedia) Far away from our solar system there is a 3rd planet of another called Mangana. A Queen rules it with an iron fist. The first Prince, A-kun, is nothing but naughty kid and so the Queen gives him the task of invading Earth to prove his worth. A-kun comes in tow with his semi-forced attendants and hijinks ensue. DVD-only specials released on the 6th and 7th discs that are sometimes considered episode 24, 25, and 26 as a whole. And episode 22, 23, and 24 chronologically. This 3D animated series for young children is based on the adventures of perky white kitten Non-tan. With his friends, fun-loving Tanuki, strong Bear, and the pink Rabbit triplets and his rival, Pig, he teaches children positive lessons about the beauty and wonder of life. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) The Doraemons, a group of culturally different versions of the Doraemon, gather to play a game of soccer. (Source: ANN)  Doraemon and friends travels into another world via the time machine; where humans and robots are living together. However they soon find out that the Empress of Robot Kingdom was trying to capture robots there and turn them emotionless. As the situation goes tense, our heroes sets out to stop the Empress and her plan. (Source: Wikipedia) The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life. (Source: AniDB) Second season of Kasumin Shin-chan and his family travel to Samurai's Era by accident and try to save the Princess' city by helping in the war. A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei Devil Children: Light & Dark games (known as DemiKids in the U.S.). The year is 200X. Jin, Akira and Lena are three child hood friends who like mysterious things. One day in the library, along with the mysterious transfer student Ami, they find the "Akuma Compendium". They chanted an incantation in the book and, to their surprise, devils appeared. Ami then told Jin and Akira that they are the Devil Children that will decide the fate of the world. She hands them their Devil Risers. The group then pass through the "Door of Time" to the land of Valhalla where they fight an evil ruler known as Imperius who plans on conquering all of the world. The Nakama of Jin is Rand, a Sol Lion, and Akira's is Gale, a Hylon. (Source: Wikipedia.org) Pikachu and some of the other pokemon camp out in the woods and help the Pichu brothers get on the train. Koron Nemuta is a girl who yawns when embrassed. One day, she found a vase when she was lost. When she yawns, the genie Akubi will come out of it, but, when she yawns again, Akubi will come back into the vase. (Source: ANN) Lately, Hamtaro has been having a strange dream. In the dream, a beautiful princess hamster tearfully asks for help. Hamtaro can’t forget about her, even when he’s awake. One winter day, Laura talks to Hamtaro. She tells him that everyone in the family is going home to her father’s hometown. When Hamtaro tells his friends about it, Maxwell pulls out a Ham-Ham source book. It’s a book on old hamster history. According to the book, there is a “homeland” for hamsters called “Hamja Kingdom”. When the Ham-Hams build a sand castle and recite a spell exactly the way it is written in the book, they are whooshed to the Kingdom. When at last the hamsters reach the bustling Hamja Kingdom of hamsters, the popular King Hamja, the Mini-Hams that they’ve met before in Ham-Ham Land, and many jar spirits called the Mo-Hams appear. A parade begins merrily with singing and dancing! But, the bad magic cat “Sabakunya” appears suddenly, riding the giant sheep monster “Mee Mee”, and starts to trample the town. What a disaster! The Ham-Hams flee underground. The Ham-Hams are told of the state of the Kingdom and find that Sabakunya has snatched the King’s daughter, Princess Shera, and is pressing her into marriage on the Kingdom’s Founding Day. Sabakunya is trying to take over the country. Something clicks in Hamtaro’s mind. Princess Shera is without a doubt the princess who appeared in his dreams! Hamtaro wants very much to run to the castle where Sabakunya is, and so he and the Ham-Hams enter the castle. In the castle, they encounter danger after danger, and Hamtaro, pursued by Sabakunya’s henchmen, is separated from others. A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. The second season of Chou Tokkyuu Hikarian. Mao Onigawara is a happy 8-year-old grade-schooler and the granddaughter of Chief of Staff of Ground Defense Force. Equipped with her cloverleaf-shaped badge which enables her to transform (but gives her no special power whatsoever), Mao and her best friends (granddaughters of Chief of Staff of Air and Marine Defense Force, respectively) will defend Japan against the invasion from "cute aliens," who are way too cute to be dealt with regular armed forces. (Source: ANN) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. This is the 6th Movie. Satoshi, Haruka, Takeshi, and Masato come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary pokemon, Jirachi, decends from the heavens and befriends Masato. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers (Source: ANN) Ruby is an Aurora Girl who makes northern lights together with her kind. She is banished from Aurora no kuni (Aurora Land) because of her selfishness and horrible behaviour, and she is told to find a stone called Aurora no Shizuku that can grant three wishes. That way she will be forgiven. Ruby meets Anpanman and lies to him that she needs the stone to rescue her land. But when Baikinman is also interested in getting the three wishes, Ruby is torn between the choice of helping her new friends or being able to return to Aurora no kuni. (Source: ANN) Yorang, a fox who lives in heaven and has important responsibilities, would rather play tricks on others and seek fun all day. One day, heaven holds a festival for the completion of the "Book of Wishes," a prestigious work that can help remove the black fox's seal. During this festival, Yo-rang, who is very mischievous, throws away the valuable book. Heaven is threatened by the black fox's bad magic. Yo-rang, responsible for the debacle, searches for the book and meets a boy named "Kang-hyun," who loses his mother at an early age and moves to the Fox Village from Seoul, with his father. Kang-hyun and Yo-rang look for the book together. But the black fox tries to ruin their plan, and Kang-hyun and Yo-rang encounter all kinds of hardship. In the end, they develop a strong friendship. (Source: Arirang TV) Back on Sonic's home planet, Eggman has collected all 7 of the Chaos Emeralds, and is about to have absolute power when Sonic interferes, causing an explosion that sends everyone from their world to Earth. Sonic and his friends team up with 12 year old Christopher Thorndyke to collect all the Chaos Emeralds and defeat the evil Dr. Eggman. (Source: ANN) Story of a Mayfly that falls in love with a human girl. Adapted from children's picture book by Mitsuru Nakamura aka 326. Son-Goku is a monkey who was born from a stone and is endowed with magical powers. He gets carried away and goes on a rampage until at last Buddha confines him within Mt. Gogyo. Saved by Sanzohoshi, Son-Goku accompanies him on a journey to India. But on their way, monsters lie in wait for them. (Source: BakaBT) Ocha-ken is a children's program about tea-dogs and tea-cats, each representing a different blend. The episodes are very short and geared to teaching the audience various values. The lesson, or moral of the episode is displayed at the end. (Source: AniDB) Grandpa Danger is a world where the great protector is Grandpa Danger! He's an expert at falling off of cliffs, dealing with a principal who suffers from a severe inferiority complex, and escaping the hidden dangers of sleep! He's a nonsensical, utterly disgusting, relentless prankster. Grandpa Danger's excessive phlegm and farts frustrate Grandson to hilarious extremes, and make you laugh until your stomach splits! (Source: AniDB) Jiisan tries to compete at the local marathon against all his friends. Pokémon Chronicles is a TV series comprised of the English-dubbed versions of a number of Pokémon TV specials. Many of the episodes are from the Weekly Pokémon Broadcasting Station show in Japan, but it also contained The Legend of Thunder! and shorts from the Pikachu's Winter Vacation series. The series, in each episode, basically focuses on the lives of the many of the recurring/main characters Ash Ketchum met on his journey, like Sakura, Misty, her sisters, Casey, and Tracey. Ash only makes two appearances in the series in brief cameos. (Source: Bulbapedia) One day, Nobita runs into a creature-like ball of wind, which came from a faraway land, but blew into their neighbourhood following the recent typhoon that went through the area. Nobita names it Fuuko. Eventually, he, Doraemon and their friends take it to a vast countryside through the Anywhere Door. There, they learn about the Wind and Storm Villages, and Fuuko's real identity. Soon, Nobita and his friends have to protect Fuuko from the Storm Village and a now-possessed Nobuo, who is being controlled by the spirit of the Storm Village's former leader. (Source: ANN) Kasumi Haruno is a fourth grade student. She came to Kasumi Town to see off her zoologist parents on their trip to Africa to do research. In the center of the town, surrounded by forest, is the large mansion belonging to the Kasumi family where Kasumi will be staying from now on. Kasumi passes through the mansion's gate right away, but a strange atmosphere emanates from somewhere in the Kasumi Forest. When he finally makes it to the mansion, there are talking appliances! It would seem that members of the Kasumi family were youkai called "Henamon". Kasumi never dreamed she would end up living with a family of Henamon. She is very busy doing the cooking, laundry, and cleaning in exchange for living there. Surrounded by mysterious companions, what will become of Kasumi's new life? (Source: AniDB) After a soccer game one day, six kids are playing a cute RPG-looking video game at their homes. One of them scored the winning goal, one was the goal keeper who barely missed the ball, and the others were two groups of two who were rooting for their respective sides. Suddenly, when they defeat a boss, a strange thing pops up in front of them, and they're sucked into the game world! Tomoru (scorer), Mio, and Dai end up together with Professor Galileo, who tells them that he's the one that created this game that they`ve appeared in, called Eureka, but he inadvertently got sucked into it as well. In order to get back to their world, they need to clear missions that pop up in certain areas of the world. So when a mission appears, Tomoru and the gang make the professor take them along. When they get to area C-1, they find that not only do they have a mission, but they have a rival group! The rival professor has brought their rivals from the soccer game, Yukio, Suzuka, and Kouta, with him! Their mission, of course, is a scientific one. First the computer explains how lightning is formed, and then they have to figure out a way to stop the lightning to clear the mission! Tomoru and company manage to get it done, and get a Eureka Stone, letting them get back to their world! Except... the gateway back actually needs ten Eureka Stones total before it will open! Sounds like there's a lot of science to be learned and missions to be cleared before they can go home. (Source: Jascii.net)   Once upon a time, a little doggy poo lived on the side of a road. He felt all alone in this world. He believed that nobody needed him for anything, and that he had no purpose in life. If only Doggy Poo had a reason for being, then he wouldn't give up on his dream to be useful to this world. One day, Doggy Poo meets a lovely dandelion sprout. Will she explain his purpose in life? Will she help him make his dream come true? (Source: AniDB) A girl named Kim chases a group of thieves called the Black Hammer Gang. Until one day the Black Hammer gang and Kim fall on an island inhabited by fairies and it's guardian Michel. The Black Hammer Gang tries to steal the life source of the island called the tree of life. Causing damage to the land and kidnapping the fairies, Michel and Kim have to combat the Black Hammer gang and take back the fairies. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and the other Pokemon learn to dance! Pororo is a little penguin, living in Antarctica. He gets up to adventures with his friends: Poby the polar bear, Loopy the beaver, Harry the hummingbird, Crong the dinosaur, Petty the penguin, and Eddy the fox. (Source: Wikipedia) This is an animated cartoon that was released inside the game Pokémon Channel. A half-hour long anime show, broken into five short segments, featuring the Pichu Brothers. Meowth throws a party that the Pichu brothers and their friends are not invited to. After a series of events, they find out they were invited, but their invitations were simply delivered late. They go to Meowth's Party and hear him sing. The series has a total of five episodes, each on its own channel. (Source: Wikipedia) In Aurora Village in the high frozen peaks of the mountians, it's getting warmer, and the snow is melting. The Ham-Hams that live their believe that Bijou is their Snow White Princess who can pray for the snow to come back. They send Crystal the snow fairy hamster to summon Bijou to their land. Crystal arrives and takes Bijou back, the ham-hams quickly tag along. Meanwhile, pirate hamsters are sailing above the village in their flying pirate ship. The captain of the ship, Hamstern sees Bijou captures her soon after, because he doesn't want her to pray for the snow. While Bijou is held against her will, she is very calm and nice to them even makes some yummy food for them. Hamtaro and the ham-hams come aboard on the ship, Hamtaro learns what Hamstern did to Bijou. He gets really angry, and will do anything to bring her back home. Now Hamstern and Hamtaro must compete eachother in the Grand Prix. Where they race in all sorts of ways. Such as racing car. If Hamstern wins, he gets to take Bijou back in his ship. If Hamtaro wins, Bijou can pray for the snow and go back to her friends. (Source: hhp.icy-mint.net) The eleventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The Nohara family is preparing for a yakiniku feast for the ages when a mysterious man bursts in and gets them tangled up in a gigantic mess. Framed for various crimes down to baby Himawari and the dog, they must now escape the droves of police and yakuza after them and make their way to Atami to solve the case. As Laura heads out to summer camp, Hamtaro and Oxnard come across a young girl by the name of Haibi, who's trying to find the ocean. Haibi found a treasure map while searching through the storage burrow and is now willing to find the treasure to help her heat exhausted granny. The Ham-Hams, who are more than willing to help her, pack their things and set out to find the treasure. (Source: Wikipedia) Astro is a robotic boy that posses super human powers and an artificial intelligence system that is unparalleled to any robot. His creator, Dr. Tenma, created him to replace his late son, Tovio. Dr. Tenma soon destroys his laboratory, after the creation of Astro, and shuts down Astro. Soon after, Dr. O'Shay, the head of the Ministry of Science revives Astro, and tries to give him a normal life as a 6th grade student that helps the police agency keep renegade robots and bigot humans from causing harm. Astro faces extreme racism for being a robot, and he must discover the truth about his creator Dr. Tenma. (Source: ANN) A series of minute-long animated shorts that aired on Japanese public television. Aimed at toddlers and young children, the comedic series is mostly about toilet training. Grandpa Danger is a world where the great protector is Grandpa Danger! He's an expert at falling off of cliffs, dealing with a principal who suffers from a severe inferiority complex, and escaping the hidden dangers of sleep! He's a nonsensical, utterly disgusting, relentless prankster. Grandpa Danger's excessive phlegm and farts frustrate Grandson to hilarious extremes, and make you laugh until your stomach splits! (Source: AniDB) Satoshi and his friends travel to LaRousse, where they meet a boy named Tooi who is afraid of Pokemon due to an incident that happened four years earlier. Meanwhile, Deoxys, a Pokemon from space, has reappeared, putting a barrier around the city and kidnapping people. Rayquaza, a Pokemon that lives in the atmosphere, comes to fight it. (Source: ANN) Based on Nasu Masamoto's Zukkoke Sannin-gumi juvenile novels series. The main characters are 6 grade boys, Hachibei, Hakase, and Mo-chan. This anime shows their adventures. (Source: AnimeNfo) Morizo and Kikkoro are the official mascot characters of EXPO 2004 Aichi, Japan. They are fairies of forest, they teach us the strength and beauty of nature that we tend to forget. The EXPO will be held on Kasho Forest in Seto, where Morizo and Kikkoro, the fairies of forest, are living. Morizo is an old and knowledgeable creature that has been living for thousands years. Kikkoro was a child of forest born little before, and he likes Kikkoro very much He is curious about everything he sees, and his daily lives are full of wonders. (Source: AnimeNfo) After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) Momo and Komomo can deliver mail from anyone, to anyone. To anywhere in the world, the galaxy, or the universe. Under the sea, high up in the clouds, and around the corner. To the past, the present, or the future. They both work tirelessly to insure that the important letters of people are delivered, while Komomo also works hard to keep the ever distracted Momo on task. (Source: ANN) A special Christmas episode. Known in Japan as Jagainu-kun, Dogtato is the heartwarming tale of a dog that`s really a potato...or a potato that`s really a dog. Or something. (Jagaimo = potato, inu = dog, thus the name Jagainu/Dogtato.) Dogtato`s world is full of his lovable half-veggie, half-animal friends who are always getting into wacky hijinks and misadventures. (Source: AniDB)  When a comet that comes back once in a hundred years, Dream Suisei, is travelling by Earth, everybody sees the same dream of a foreign world. Melonpanna saves an egg from being crushed and wakes up to find out that the egg has followed her home. A kitten hatches from the egg, and Melonpanna names her Nyanii and starts caring for her. But soon they find out that Nyanii is needed back on Dream Suisei, and if she doesn't return there, she will vanish. Melonpanna struggles with the upcoming hard goodbyes, but the real trouble starts when Baikinman accidentally awakens the evil monster Muuma. (Source: ANN) Panda-Z chronicles the misadventures of Pan Taron and his giant robot Panda-Z, as they battle the evil Skull Panda and his Warunimal forces. (Source: ANN) Based on Ueda Toshiko's shoujo manga. The third film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story). Direct continuation of the first season. Also labeled as episode 16-25. A Christmas OVA of Non-tan that features eight classic Christmas songs sung and acted out by the characters. One day, Nobita finds a stray dog drowning in a river while playing by the river side. Feeling sorry for the dog, he decides to take it home by hiding it in a "kennel on the wall" and names it Ichi (originated from "One", which sounds similar to "wan", the sound a dog makes according to the Japanese language), and secretly feeds it and plays with Ichi with his Kendama to find. Soon after, he also adopts a stray cat named Zubu (or wet in Japanese, due to the discovery of it in a rainstorm)... and many other stray cats and dogs. With so many stray cats and dogs, Nobita, along with his friends, decide to send them back in time, 300 million years ago, where there was no other living beings around. After using the Ray of Evolution to allow them to operate a food-making machine, they depart, with a promise to return to the present. However, when they try to visit them the next day (from their point of view), they encountered a time-space anomaly, sending them crash landing 1,000 years before their original time-destination— to their surprise, They found out the dogs and cats have evolved enough to form a civilized society that rivaled those of Future Society. As the time machine is broken, they try to find help to repair it so they can continue their chrono-journey, only to learn of a bigger issue — a cluster of asteroids are going to Collide with Earth. Will Nobita finally reunite with Ichi, as he promised? More over, what's with Hachi, a dog who resembles Ichi greatly? The 300 million years of time and space adventure begins. (Source: Wikipedia) Raised by cats until he was five, Yamato Delgato's only dream was to play B'Daman-the official sport of the B'DaWorld. However, his dream comes true when he's chosen to wield the most powerful B'Daman ever; the legendary Cobalt Blade. Only he has skills to harness its power. This is his journey into the world of B'Daman as he learns valuable lessons and also tries to save the B'DaWorld from the evil clutches of the Shadow Alliance. (Source: ANN) Kitty is spending Christmas Eve with Grandpa Anthony and Grandma Margaret. Daniel is joining but he's really jittery and the only solution comes from Santa-san.   Surreal gag-packed story about curious kid and his companions. Ayako suffers from autism, and all kids in the class mock her except for Yuri - the only girl who shows some kindness towards her. Greatly appreciating that, Ayako gives Yuri a present - a beaded bracelet. Later, the school is preparing for the summer cultural festival, and Ayako's present inspires Yuri with an idea to make a decoration for one of the school's exterior walls - a giant picture made of ropes beaded with empty cans of different colours. All kids including Ayako then gather empty cans from all around the city and start creating the picture. However, the day before the festival is scheduled to open a typhoon hits the city, threatening to ruin the kids' hard work. (Source: AniDB) The polar ice caps have melted due to global warming. The human race has been stuck on one island as the marine life begins to evolve. Kids use a submarine and the help of their robot companions to explore the depths and come upon an ancient secret underwater civilization with treasure. It's a new hope for the human race to live under water but a money hungry real-estate tycoon stands in their way of peace. He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time! Summer has arrived, and many Pokemon have set up shops for a summer festival on the beach. Soon the gang will be blessed by a special performance from the pop idol Azumarill, but upon her arrival, she's kidnapped by the flying Pokemon Skarmory! Pikachu, along with Plusle, Minun, Meowth, Wobbuffet and a number of other Pokemon must now track down the singing beauty; the show must go on! (Source: Anime-Planet) It's a freezing winter morning and Christmas is just around the corner. Pororo the penguin and his beloved friends return from the woods where they have cut a Christmas tree, ready to celebrate the festivity. They’ve just finished decorating the  tree, when they receive a shocking message directly from Santa Claus! Santa caught a bad cold, and he can’t bring his special Xmas glaze to the Candy Castle, where under the oversight of King Cream Puff the cookies for children all over the world are made. A Christmas without cookies will be quite sad! Pororo and his friends decide to protect the Christmas spirit, and they leave for Santa Claus village to pick up the Christmas glaze and carry it to the Candy Castle. But along the way, they met their old acquaintance: the wicked Witch of Winter who aims to steal the precious glaze and use it for her nasty schemes.... Will our heroes be able to carry out their important missions and save Christmas? Follow with us the adventurous journey of Pororo and his friends to the magical Candy Castle! (Source: theanimationband.com) Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN) Ayayam is a pretty hamster who excelled at everything–as a child-prodigy in school, sports and even drawing and writing. One day, however, she overhears her friends making fun of a picture book she loved and had given to one of them. She is so devastated that she decides she doesn’t need friends anymore, locks herself into the library and hasn’t taken a single step outside ever since. The God of Books sympathizes with her and gives her a Magic Quill with which she can effortlessly draw any picture and write any story she wants. Meanwhile, Hamtaro learns that Laura and her fellow students will put on "Sunflower Taro" as their next school play. Hamtaro and friends decide that they, too, want to try their hand at acting and prepare their own version of "Sunflower Taro". In the course of preparing for the play, they are suddenly sucked into a strange Picture Book Tower, where Ayayam tells them that they will be characters in her new book – a new and exciting version of the well-known fairy tale "Sunflower Taro". You can tell that things are getting off to an interesting start – as they always do when the Ham-Hams are involved!! (Source: tms-e.com) Shin-chan and his friends discover an abandoned movie theater where some sort of western film is being displayed to an empty room. Shinnosuke's friends mysteriously disappear thus making the Nohara family start searching for them at the location they were last seen. While looking for the other kids, the Noharas inexplicably find themselves taken into the movie being exhibited. (Source: ANN) Based on the third Hamtaro game (fourth in Japan), Prince Bo falls from the sky when the rainbow disappears. Now Hamtaro and the Ham-Hams must help him bring back the rainbow. (Source: Wikipedia) Considered the prequel to the fourth Hamtaro game (fifth in Japan). In this tribute to the 2004 Olympics, Hamtaro and the Ham-Hams are tasked by Prince Bo with lighting the everlasting torch to Hamcropolis. However, the Rainbow Girls will not allow this and pursue the Ham-Hams. (Source: Wikipedia) Episode 43.5, "Distribution", is a comedic special show which commemorates 500 episodes of Transformers in Japan (however, since that total includes assorted Japanese series, the west is still some distance away from this number). When aired in Japan, it did not air in the usual timeslot for Superlink, and is not in any sort of chronological order - It features the Autobots playing a video game training simulator, which they certainly do not have time to do between episodes 42 and 44. (Source: Wikipedia) Pikachu and Meowth are on a search: a search for the elusive Pokémon, Mew. They search everywhere! The sea, the sky, the woods...will they ever find Mew? (Source: Bulbapedia) This is the 8th Movie. In the town of Lohta, a festival is thrown praising "Aaron the Wave Leader Hero" who, according to the legend passed down through the town's generations, stopped a war centuries ago by using the power of "the Tree of the World's Origin." Satoshi and Pikachu participate in a battle to decide this year's hero and after their victory, they are chosen as the "Wave Leader Hero." A grand dance party is held in the castle to celebrate the victor, but suddenly the phantom Pokemon Mew appears and takes Pikachu. Soon afterwards, the Wave Leader Pokemon "Lucario" is freed from his centuries-long seal and meets Satoshi. Satoshi must solve the various mysteries of where Pikachu is, what Mew's after, what the secret of the legend of the Wave Leader is and how it ties in with Lucario's hidden past as he makes his way to "the Tree of the World's Origin" with Lucario. (Source: ANN) After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League. (Source: ANN) 17th Anpanman movie. Somewhere in this world, there is a town named Lala in a forest called Lulu. This is the home of Nalong and many other furry little creatures. Nalong lives with his father and 10 brothers, and attends elementary school. His friends are an otter named Ukkya, an ostrich named Tajori, and the Mandu brothers, who were accidentally made by the famous inventor Professor Penguil. (Source: Wikipedia) The fourth film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children Sensou Douwa (war story). (Source: AniDB) Deep in the dark recesses of the UnderNet, Forte sleeps as he drifts aimlessly. In this cybernetic graveyard, a pulsating power re-awakens Forte, alerting him to a dangerous being shortly ahead. A haunting face appears amidst a massive bright purple blob, laughing directly at Forte. Cursing him, Forte finds himself powerless as the blob takes form, and captures him within its grasp! Nearing the time of sunset, a peaceful city and its people go about their everyday business. Curious bystanders on a sidewalk glimpse a shimmering purple light, which suddenly expands into tall pillar that reaches up to the sky. Screams erupt from the people as the pillar of light takes flight, absorbing everything in its destructive path. A tower clock dings the hour of 4 o'clock as the pillar desintigrates, leaving behind a trail of cybernetic residue and utter emptyness. 'The Program of Light and Dark' (Source: Official Site)  Baikinman is snatched by a black cloud inhabited by a princess who loves black, Kuroyukihime. She is immediately thrilled with him and starts making trouble with him, turning everything black. However, both Dokin-chan and Anpanman are determined to stop her. (Source: ANN) The third series of Zettai Zetsumei Dangerous Jiisan with the gags continuing on. Tells the story of Jesus' birth in the manger that starts out with an angel coming to tell Mary that she's pregnant. Season 1 focuses on the wizard Nelly and the mysterious Najo as Zorori, Ishishi, and Noshishi help them restore the magic forest in a magical country (episodes 1-50). Season 2 focuses on Puppe's search for the Minus Eel (episodes 51-97). (Source: Wikipedia)  A double release featuring two Akuei movies; Counterattack of Chelsea and Akuei and His Magic Hammer . A sequel of Akuei to Gacchinpo series. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. It follows the story of a fairy named Mi who is sent to Planet Pandasia to warn the residents about a great evil that threatens to destroy Pandasia. She chooses a heroic panda named Toby to defeat Gold and Silver, two villains who want to collect the seven Beans of Power and rid Pandasia of its colorful, beautiful environment and replace it with a dark wasteland. (Source: Wikipedia) Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN) In B-Daworld, B-Daplayers are searching for the legendary Strike Shot, a type of B-Daball made from fallen star that can enhance B-Daman's abilities. Along the way, B-DaMage gives out hints through B-Daman Broadcasting, for individuals entering Winners tournament, which requires Strike Shot to be eligible to compete. (Source: Wikipedia) Pikachu and his friends have a picnic when they discover a Ghost Festival. The walk in to it, and find out that it is haunted by Ghost Pokemon and other Pokemon such as Koffing, Lickitung, Ditto, and Cubone. Meowth also discovers the Ghost Festival and gets scared out of his mind. Pikachu makes friends with the ghosts, and they work together to make Meowth run out of the Festival. (Source: ANN) The thirteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Kotencotenco is a gag strip anime for young children featuring the flourishes of the Prince of the country of the Paradice, Kotenco. Kotenco guards the “Angel Star” for the Queen in the Paradice. Kotenco is a very good child, but when the bad spirits rise, Kotenco transforms into Matenco. Unlike Kotenco, Matenco is a very naughty child and troubles everyone. But don't worry! By changing the angel ring, Matenco goes back to being Kotenco. Will Kotenco be able to guard the “Angel Star” from the ruler and the Devil of the Country of the Ground, who is aiming for the Paradice? An innovative animated series in which the characters are made from water. Pozzie is a child who is created from a drop of water. While encountering various animals and objects, Pozzie continuously metamorphoses into other watery shapes. (Source: BANFF2010.com) Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia) 3D IMAX movie, shown only at the Suntory Museum in Osaka. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. When Pikachu and friends decide to stop by a tropical island for some rest and relaxation, they got more than they had bargained for after Chatot discovers a Treasure Map! They follow the map to Wailord’s Tear, a mysterious place located in a sunken pirate ship. Will Pikachu and friends find the treasure? What mysteries and dangers are in store? Will our pals return safely? Find out in Pikachu’s Ocean Adventure! (Source: Bulbapedia) Kitty and Mimmy come upon the Apple Forest thanks to the help of a forest fairy. The fairy kingdom welcomes them as the "Twin Heroines" and ask that they save the princess. The key to the rescue is a golden apple and so the sisters' adventure beings. Tottoko Hamutaro Hai! is the sequel to Tottoko Hamutaro, or in English, Hamtaro. The series revolves around the 15 original Ham-Hams in short 5-minute episodes. The Hai! series is animated differently from the original series, most notably, the head-to-body ratio is off, and it is also computer-generated in 3-D. (Source: Wikipedia) Dr. Yung, an enigmatic Pokémon scientist, has developed a new Mirage system that uses computer data to resurrect extinct Pokémon, like Kabutops and Armaldo. Professor Oak, Ash and his companions show up at the Mirage Mansion at Dr. Yung's invitation, and watch a demonstration of the machine's capabilities. In the middle of a battle between Dr. Yung's Mirage Pokémon and Ash, the machine goes haywire and a Mirage Aerodactyl swoops in and kidnaps Dr. Yung. A man calling himself "The Mirage Master" appears and announces to everyone that the Mirage System can be used to create Pokémon with absolutely no weaknesses. Ash, Misty, and Professor Oak struggle to stop the madman and escape with their lives. (Source: ANN) After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. The fifth film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story). (Source: AniDB) Continuation of the Bikkuriman Series. Genki Seihikari and his friends join the adventure in order to save seven gods of the White Galaxy. When 11-year-old Wataru's father leaves home and his mother is taken ill to the hospital, he decides to change his fate by traveling through the door shown to him by his friend Mitsuru. In a land of magic and monsters, Wataru must summon all his courage and embark on a journey with several comrades to meet the Goddess of Destiny and change this "mistaken fate." (Source: ANN) A special Christmas episode. Based on a japanese children`s book by Yoshie Kawaura. Shiba-wanko, a Shiba-inu dog, and Miike-nyanko, a calico cat, live together in a classic Japanese-style house with the traditional Japanese alcove called a tokonoma. Shiba-wanko is a very gentle and hardworking soul who does all of the cleaning, laundry and cooking in the house. Miike-nyanko is a different type all together, being rather temperamental and not very good with housework. Together, these two learn the manners and customs associated with events such as the proper Japanese way to treat one`s guests, preparing for a Japanese New Year and how to enjoy the kimono, the traditional Japanese costume. Each chapter covers a specific topic which has to do with living in "Wa" (the Japanese-style spirit of peace and harmony) throughout the changing seasons. (Source: AniDB) Rascal is an energetic racoon, who lives in a secret forest called "The Snag Forest". Although sometimes his mother scolds him when he does mischief, the engaging and kind personality of Rascal always makes him popular in the forest. This series depicts everyday adventures of Rascal, and his cheerful friends such as Rilulu, a cute girl racoon, Rock'n, a skunk who loves to play music, Iggy, a mouse who always eats nuts and a lot more!! (Source: AniDB) The annual Star Festival to honor the stars that bring life is drawing nearer. Anpanman finds an abandoned doll who is brought to life by a Star of Life. The doll, now named Dolly, spends all of her time having fun, convinced that enjoying oneself is the meaning of life. However, her Star of Life is starting to disappear, and Baikinman builds a huge robot inspired by memories of his own birth. (Source: ANN) An evil monkey, Specter, has escaped a circus, using a mind-controlling device which allows him to become smarter and have access to controlling the monkeys. Kakeru is called over by a professor in order to capture all the monkeys, including the one's who's controlling them: Specter. (Source: ANN) Someone is out to conquer Lulu forest and it's up to the Nalong and his friends to to figure out who and stop them! When Nalong's girlfriend Ukkya is taken by force and Longman is zapped by a laser beam resulting in an unfavorable transformation--Nalong has more on his plate than he can handle! Part of the "Let's start with Anpanman" series of educational animation for kindergarten children featuring characters from Anpanman. Anpanman finds an odd little girl from outer space. The girl turns out to be Kokin-chan, Dokin-chan's younger sister who came to Earth to play. Moreover, Kokin-chan is a master of fake crying and exploits her skill to get out of the trouble she causes. And her tears have the special power to make anyone whose eyes are touched by them cry without reason. (Source: ANN) Satoshi and his friends get lost in an unknown wasteland.  They eventually come across a "Water Pokemon Show" performed by the star of the Mariner Troupe, Hiromi.  Hiromi is a descendant of the troupe of Water People able to communicate with water pokemon, and she tells our heroes the legend that's been passed down by her people for generations.   According to legend, a temple the Water People built called "The Water Temple Akuusha" rests somewhere in the ocean, and a treasure called "The Water Crown" is hidden there.  It's said that no one has ever seen this treasure, but that changes when a Pokemon Ranger named Jack Walker (aka Jackie) appears to chase aftert it. Jackie is on a top secret mission that has him protecting the egg of the leader of the water pokemon, Manaphy. This pokemon, called the "Prince of the Sea," needs to be taken to the Water Temple Akuusha, so Satoshi-tachi and Hiromi decide to help him.  Along the way, a pirate named Phantom attacks our heroes from his great submarine.  Phantom plans to use the Water Crown's power to help him conquer the world, but he'll have to solve the mystery of Manaphy's egg first.  When the Rocket-Dan get into the mix, Jackie uses his Capture Styler to borrow the power of a nearby pokemon to stand up to them.  Satoshi and Pikachu enter the fray, but they still have to contend with the attacks of Phantom's powerful high tech mecha!  Suddenly, the egg starts to shine with a vivid light, and Manpahy is born! What is the mystery of the legendary treasure?  What mysterious powers does Manaphy have?  Can Satoshi-tachi and Jackie complete their top secret mission?  The journey to reach the Water Temple Akuusha has begun!  DICE (DNA Integrated Cybernetic Enterprises) is a large organization established to deal with problems in the Sarbylion galaxy. DICE F-99 is the only unit comprised entirely of children. When a problem arises, DICE is called to the rescue. And when their special training and skills aren`t enough, they rely on their Dinobreakers, which can transform from Vehicle Mode to Dino Mode, to help get the job done! Always on call, always on alert - DICE is ready for action! (Source: AniDB) Nobita finds a fossilized dinosaur egg by accident, and with the help of Doraemon's tools, they hatched the egg and began raising the dinosaur. Knowing that they can't keep the dinosaur forever, Nobita was forced to send it back to prehistoric times where a group of hunters from the future threatens to endanger the dinosaurs. Determined to save the dinosaurs from the claws of the hunters, Doraemon and the gang returns to the past and sets out in a prehistoric adventure. (Source: ANN) Sergeant Keroro and his four subordinates came from the planet Keron to the Earth to conquer. However, without notice, they began to enjoy the life on the Earth. Keroro was supposed to stay with Hitana to get the chance to conquer the Earth, but he became friend with Hinata's son, Fuyuki. Today, as usual, Keroro goes to buy his favorite Gundam plastic model with Fuyuki. On their way home, they find a small shrine, and enter. There, they find a vase, and happens to break it. Since the next day, strange things happen all over the town and people are in panic. Inside the vase, Kiruru, Keron's ancient ultimate weapon was sealed. At the moment, Mirara who holds the secret of the Kiruru appears and informs them of the only method to save the Earth. However... (Source: AnimeNfo) Three monkey brothers from the from an urban city go to live in the countryside. There's no convenience store nor arcades there; truly bare-bones. The story follows their daily lives trying to make friends and have fun amongst the villagers. Direct continuation of the second season. Also labeled as episode 26-35. Based on the children's picture book of the same name by Uchida Rintaro (Story) and Nana Furuya (Illustrations). A direct continuation of the previous season that starts with the introduction of a new character called Petty who is a female penguin. Four workers wait out the night around a campfire. Three of them are talking about different things when they start hearing strange noises. Their discussion wakes up a sleeping companion who promptly goes back to sleep only to start having dreams... A double feature based on a best-selling children's book by Sumino Eiko (author of Kiki's Delivery Service). Chibi Neko Chobi is about Chobi running away from home after getting scolded. Chibi Neko Kobi to Tomodachi is about Chobi as an adult and now has given birth to her own litter of 4 kittens. The youngest is a boy named Kobi and due to his own mischief he ends up separated from his family. A boy looks into a box and sees a rainbow kaleidoscope display. But every time the boy looks in, the images change. Ai is a self-reliant girl that moves to Animal Village. She makes friends with the various villagers as she settles into the village. One night as she walked along the beach, she finds a message in the bottle. It sets her off on a quest of planting pine trees around the village to fulfill a miracle on the eve of the Winter Festival. (Source: ANN) Catepillar-like Gararin and stone-like Gororin are best friends. One day when they're playing they hear music and Gararin suddenly goes through a transformation. The story is set in a village called Green Forest Village, where is inhabited by friendly animals. The story were focused on 5 special animal friends whose friendship binds them together, Koori: A brown Raccoon boy and an aspiring inventor, Pinpin: A blue and white Giant Panda boy and a warm hearted artist, Lalla: a pink Tabby cat girl and an aspiring musician who wishes to be a princess, Toto: a purple Bat boy who wants to be a pilot and fly and lastly; Curucuru, a Brown bear boy who likes to cook. All of them venture through several adventures in the forest and town, making exciting and marvelous stories and also getting in and out of trouble as they learn valuable lessons in life and things around them. (Source: Wikipedia) Based on a picture book written about the 2004 earthquake in Chuuetsu, Niigata prefecture. Mari's three puppies were just born, when the earthquake in Yamakoshimura started. Now their home is in ruins, and their owner, an old man is trapped under the debris. Mari somehow manages to break her chain, and encourages the old man, until help arrives. In the end, someone saves the old man, but he can't take in the dogs, so they remain in the now abandoned village. Can Mari and the puppies live on like this? (Source: AniDB) In a world where past and future connect, cute little catgirl Wappi-chan learns the meaning of Japanese culture by interacting with the strange beings and spirits who inhabit Watt Warp Town. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) A nameless heroine packs up her belongings into a large satchel and heads out of the city. Walking on foot across the countryside, she encounters a strange collection of creepy crawlies and ghostly spirits. The Inuyama Family, along with their pet dog Tetsunoshin moves to the famous Hoppongi Hills (modeled after Roppongi Hills) from Kyushu. Rumi Inuyama's father owns an IT Company in Japan and is a step further to becoming number one. However, Tetsunoshin learned that his master's family loaned a lot of money renting their home in Hoppongi Hills, almost to the point of the whole company becoming Bankrupt. To make things even worse, the whole family spends a lot of money on everything, making Tetsunoshin's problems worse. To solve this problem, Tetsunoshin teamed up with the Hills Dogs and will do anything to pay all the Inuyama Family's expenses. (Source: Wikipedia) On their way to a singing contest, Mai and Saki meet a mysterious man looking for the oldest clock in town. It turns out that this clock is a portal to the World of Clocks, and the mysterious man is a servant of Dark Fall who wants to stop time to destroy the world. With the help of the clock spirits, Pretty Cure must fight to escape his perfect maze and start time flowing again. Takes place during the second half of Futari wa Precure Splash☆Star. The short film's main character is a water spider who seems to have fallen in love with a water strider. Though she is scared of him at first, the water strider soon gets used to the presence of the spider. (Source: Wikipedia) Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN) Pikachu and the other Pokémon were at the beach, when a weakened Wynaut approaches them. It tells them that its friends were attacked by Meowth and the other Team Rocket Pokémon, as well as an Exploud and a Hariyama, because Meowth wanted to take over their playground, which resides on a nearby island. After hearing Wynaut's story, Pikachu and the others decide to help them take back their playground, and begin to train them, so that they can rescue their island from the clutches of Meowth. (Source: ANN) He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time! Himeno Mimika is a daughter of historical cook family. She goes to a cooking school, Miracle Academy which train cooks all over the world. Vying with rivals, she brings out her gift, and she grows up as a cook. (Source: AnimeNfo) Today is the Atagoal town carnival. Talking cats and human townsfolk are having a ball. Enjoying the party to the fullest is our hero, Hideyoshi, a big fat cat, who is always involved in any trouble going on in the town. 200 years ago, Zenmai Zamurai was a thief by profession. While stealing from a house one night, he fell down a well and died. He was then resurrected by Daifukunokami and a wind-up key was placed on his head. If the key wound down, Zennosuke would die. The only way the key can be wound is by Zennosuke doing good deeds. In order to achieve this end, he is given the Dango-ken, which is a sword with Japanese Dumplings skewered onto it. Whenever Zenmai Zamurai sees people doing injustice or generally being out of control, he uses his sword to shoot the dumplings into their mouths. When the dumplings are eaten, the people suddenly become happy and realize the error of their ways. He helps out the people of his village in many ways, big and small. Whenever he has done well, a rainbow comes out of the sky to wind up his key. -Wikipedia A young boy, tired of the city, escapes into the country. When trying to bring vegetables to the market to sell, his cart breaks down and he exchanges the vegetables for a mystical seed. Returning home he plants the seed in a normal pot- only to find it growing into a planet. (Source: ANN) Based on a Sanrio product. Hana is a sweet rabbit with a passion for ballet. She is admitted to an important ballet academy in Etoile Island. Komaneko is the story of a very curious cat, named Koma-chan, that attempts to make her own stop motion. She deals with many challenges, but she also made some friends while creating her movie. Her curiosity makes her even more friends. Norabbits' Minutes features two young rabbit brothers who live together in the forest and have endearing adventures together... though not without some absurd twists. The fourteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. The Digimon travel through the digital word and discover a Digimon eating away the Digital World, thus they resolve to save it. Saru Getchu: On Air sequel. The series revolves around a playful young child named Shizuku-Chan. He, alongside his schoolmates, friends, and family lives a life of dangerous adventures in the Shizuku Forest. (Source: Wikipedia) Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. The previous season of 'Zero Duel Masters' was set in an alternate universe, so this season's plot is a continuation of the Duel Masters Charge. It follows the aftermath of the duel of Shobu vs. Zakira. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia) It is based on N.Y.SALAD written by Yoshitaka Amano. It depicts lives of vegetable fairies at a kitchen in N. Y. Mameushi-kun follows the farmland adventures of a calf that is as small as a dust speck. (Source: AniDB) A special of the Ojarumaru series. The evil Shadow Lord has taken control of the kingdom of Deltora and has driven the land and its people into misfortune and suffering. Lief, the son of a blacksmith, has just turned sixteen and is entrusted, along with his two companions Barda and Jasmine, with an important mission: to retrieve the stolen seven magical stones that once reunited within the Belt of Deltora, will bring power to the true heir of Deltora and give him the power to free the kingdom from the tyranny of the Shadow Lord. There is just one problem; the seven stones have been scattered all across Deltora and currently reside in the hands of seven wicked men who are not easily willing to give them up. (Source: ANN) Bonolon is touted as the warrior who comes from the forest of the great oaks. Despite his huge body size and outwardly orange appearance, Bonolon is only a child of 9 years old. However, notwithstanding his tender age, Bonolon possess a strong sense of justice and strives to become a reliable man. The tears of those people who are depressed or troubled will flow through the roots of the great oaks and communicates their feelings to Bonolon. Bonolon will then appear from the great oaks and help the people solve their problems as well as grant their wishes. (Source: ANN) Anpanman's friends go see a bubble show performed by Shabondama-hime and her Shabondama Girls, who make exquisite bubbles by playing their flutes. One of the girls, Purun, can't make big bubbles no matter how much she rehearses. She feels inadequate as she goes to retrieve her lost flute, which Creampanda finds and goes to return. Meanwhile Baikinman takes over Shabondama-hime's castle and steals the flutes, using their power to create evil bubbles, and Purun must realize her own importance and save the day with Anpanman's help. (Source: ANN)  The fifteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie.   Mysterious incidents are occurring in the Apple Forrest. Precious items disappearing, others getting lost, and the prince is missing. It's up to Kitty and Mimmy to solve the cases by becoming detectives! Kitty and Mimmy fall through a hole and end up in a parallel world. It's identical to the one the sisters live in but it's inhabited by humans with transparent wings and pointy ears. Kitty becomes friends with Emily, a supermodel in this parallel world, and together they try to rescue Mimmy who has disappeared. Their search is hampered by Akuro--a black cat who has a mean streak.  Ten years ago, the World Tree that protected peace and order of the world was being targeted by an evil organization called the Zakum. The Human race led four other races: the brave warriors, the intelligent magicians, the agile archers and the sly thieves in a fight against the Zakums. In the end, the World Tree activated self-destruction to protect itself. However, the other races thought it was the Human race that destroyed the World Tree. When the World Tree was destroyed most of the races had nothing left, so a number of them went to Maple Island thinking the ones who stayed would die. They escaped Victoria and lived on Maple Island where living is getting harder and harder. Since then, a never-ending war between the different races began. Ten years later, the main protagonist, Al, is determined to revive the World Tree. Al and his companions begin their journey to seek the seeds of the World Tree. At the same time, the Zakums reappear… (Source: Wikipedia) While touring Alamos Town—home of the Space-Time Tower—with the beautiful Alice, Ash and his friends discover that the town's special garden has been decimated! Baron Alberto, a dashing but arrogant fellow, immediately blames the destruction on Darkrai. As if it just overheard the accusation, Darkrai appears and confronts our heroes! Who is Darkrai? Is it a fiend... or a friend in disguise? And as a battle between Legendary Pokemon Dialga and Palkia rages directly above Alamos Town—and threatens to tear a hole in the space-time continuum—will Ash and his friends survive this showdown and learn Darkrai's true nature? (Source: DVD Cover [English Version]) Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.  A story of the adventures of Robby and Kerobby along with their other friends. Momotaros's Summer Vacation is a short film that debuted between the Gekiranger movie and I'm Born! . Using live action photographs, 3D computer graphics, and traditional animation (all of which is termed a Momotion Picture, it has Momotaros gloating of his strength until Sha-Fu dared him to proved it by swimming. After being made fun of by Urataros and Ryutaros, and bashed by Kintaros, Momotaros is talked into believing he can swim by Deneb. But as the "mind over matter" influence wears off, the Imagin and Sha-Fu tell the audience the movie's coming up soon. (Source: Wikipedia) Hatara Kids Maihamu Gumi, literally "Working Kids, My Hamster Team", is a Japanese anime action series for young children about hamsters who hold down jobs from firefighting to cooking. (Source: Wikipedia) The unaired episode 27 finale of Sugar Bunnies included on the 6th DVD. Dr. Taylor was on a paleontology mission with his son, Max in Africa. Rex, Max's best friend, joins along as well. When Max had stumbled across some magic stone slabs with images of dinosaurs, the boys and their friend Zoe were being called out by the dinosaurs for help. It seems that an evil organization called the "Alpha Gang," led by the nefarious Dr. Z, traveled back in time to hunt down the dinosaurs so that they could take over the world by using those dinosaurs. It is up to Max, Rex, and their friend Zoe to travel around the world, defeating Dr. Z and the Alpha Gang while hunting down the dinosaurs. (Source: Wikipedia) A sixty minute special of the Crayon Shin-chan anime featuring a crossover between Shin-chan and the live action tokusatsu series Kamen Rider Den-O, as well as three normal summer-themed episodes. The Den-O characters are drawn in the style of Shin-chan's regular characters. Another thing of note, inbetween commercial breaks, clips of a live action Shin-Chan onboard the Den-Liner or with characters from the Kamen Rider Den-O Series were shown. In most of these scenes it involves the Owner giving Shin a speech of sorts or making Shin feel uncomfortable. Random cutesy edutainment tales aimed at small children, featuring animated speaking plushy toys. Happy Happy Clover recounts the everyday life of a bunny named Chima and the other animals in the Crescent Moon Forest. Neighborhood children help a group of retirees solve local mysteries in contemporary Japan. Adapted from renowned writer Li Xintian's same-titled novel, animated film Sparkling Red Star is a heartwarming, colorful, and patriotic children's story set in 1930s China. Naked Ambition and Love on the Rocks director Lam Chiu Yin makes a rather significant departure from his previous works to present the big adventures of a little comrade. Growing up in a time of chaos, carefree village boy Dongzi greatly admires his brave Red Army soldier father and the Red Guards who have protected his village from the evil landlord. When Dongzi's father leaves for the Long March, he gives a sparkling red star to his son. This red star becomes Dongzi's protector in the subsequent years as he encounters numerous hardships and slowly comes of age during the changing tides of wartime China.  Let's Go! Tamagotchi is an anime series focusing on the lives of Mametchi, Memetchi, Kuchipatchi, ChaMametchi, and their friends. The series premiered in Japan in December 2007, while an English dub was uploaded by Bandai in December 2008. It was originally uploaded a week before the release of the first movie in Japanese. The fourth short premiered on ANA flights on August 1, 2007. (Source: Wikipedia) Enter the world of the Sylvanians, a community of tiny anthropomorphized animals who have the same difficulties that people do. But the Sylvanians are often able to work through those dilemmas, teaching the children who join them valuable life lessons. (Source: Amazon.co.uk) Second season of Pururun! Shizuku-chan. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Nezumi Monogatari is the story of two mice called George and Gerald who embark on a journey together with three friends to find the "Dragon of Light". It is based on N.Y.SALAD written by Yoshitaka Amano. It depicts lives of vegetable fairies at a kitchen in N. Y. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. A special Christmas episode. A collection of children's stories by Yanase Takashi. The evil Shadow Lord has taken control of the kingdom of Deltora and has driven the land and its people into misfortune and suffering. Lief, the son of a blacksmith, has just turned sixteen and is entrusted, along with his two companions Barda and Jasmine, with an important mission: to retrieve the stolen seven magical stones that once reunited within the Belt of Deltora, will bring power to the true heir of Deltora and give him the power to free the kingdom from the tyranny of the Shadow Lord. There is just one problem; the seven stones have been scattered all across Deltora and currently reside in the hands of seven wicked men who are not easily willing to give them up. (Source: ANN) Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series.   Ten years ago, the World Tree that protected peace and order of the world was being targeted by an evil organization called the Zakum. The Human race led four other races: the brave warriors, the intelligent magicians, the agile archers and the sly thieves in a fight against the Zakums. In the end, the World Tree activated self-destruction to protect itself. However, the other races thought it was the Human race that destroyed the World Tree. When the World Tree was destroyed most of the races had nothing left, so a number of them went to Maple Island thinking the ones who stayed would die. They escaped Victoria and lived on Maple Island where living is getting harder and harder. Since then, a never-ending war between the different races began. Ten years later, the main protagonist, Al, is determined to revive the World Tree. Al and his companions begin their journey to seek the seeds of the World Tree. At the same time, the Zakums reappear… (Source: Wikipedia) Unaired episode of the MapleStory series included on the 9th DVD Volume. A persimmon tree wants to grow more fruit and a crow wants to get over his fear of flying. They end up working together to achieve what the both want. Two twins, Ara and Ari, aspire into the world of fashion. Ara wants to become a fashion model, while her sister, Ari, wants to become a fashion designer. They meet a man named Yorang, who is the fashion designer in Heaven. A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants. Porfy, his younger sister Mina, and their parents live a humble but happy life in the Grecian countryside. They've just started running a gas station, much to Porphy's joy, and it seems like only good things are in store for their future. However, a huge earthquake changes all that, leaving Porfy without a home or a family -- sans Mina, who seems to have disappeared in the commotion. Now, Porfy is determined to find his sister and be able to live together happily again. Tsubomi Tachibana is a fifth grader dealing with rather sensitive issues such as her mother's pregnancy, her first period and the strange feelings she has started to get when she has been around boys. (Source: ANN) Zenryoku Usagi are hardworking construction builders — who happen to be rabbits — with a simple motto: "Zenryoku+Dai-ichi" ("Give everything you've got and be #1.") The animated shorts were aired in Japan within the Chibi Ani Gekijō (Tiny Anime Theater) program on Friday or Saturday mornings, depending on the station. Ikeda and Media Factory have created two books and numerous spinoff goods featuring the characters. (Source: Saikin Anime Jōhō) Web and DVD based 10 Episode OVA featuring the Imagin stars of the popular 2007 Kamen Rider Den-O live action tv series. Chocolate and other sweets have been banned thanks to the political reign of the Good For You Party, and the new laws are enforced strictly, with force if need be. Smudger and Huntley are two teen boys determined to eat chocolate again. They search out  rumored chocolate bootleggers, eventually starting their own chocolate underground distribution. Based on the the British children's novel Bootleg by Alex Shearer. On the other side of the world, there exists another mysterious, mirror-like dimension known as the Reverse World.  In this unique space lives the legendary Pokemon Giratina, a god-like Pokemon who soon finds itself in a great struggle with the legendary Pokemon Dialga!  Why are these two Pokemon fighting?  And what is the secret of this Reverse World? Meanwhile, Satoshi and his friends are traveling when they are greeted by yet another legendary Pokemon, Shami.  This cute and somewhat cheeky Pokemon holds the secret to the battle between the two god Pokemon, but something unexpected happens to it during its journey.  In order to save both worlds, Satoshi joins forces with it to stop the fighting once and for all! About a young boy named Akigawa Yuta who gets sucked into a virtual world through his cell phone. He meets three strange creatures that travel with him on Yuta's adventure in this strange new world. About the daily lives of a boy and his talking penguin. A regular old scarecrow has stood in a field for twenty years when one day, after a lightning storm, he comes to life. He becomes friends with the daughter of a scarecrow shop owner. It's Nozomi's birthday, but it is disturbed by Bunbee chasing after a girl from another world, Chocola. When Pretty Cure rescue her, she thanks them by taking them to her country, Dessert Kingdom. In this cockaigne with rivers of juice and candy growing on trees, they feel very comfortable. But then they meet the evil Mushiban and his two subordinates Dry and Bitter. They want to take over the kingdom and change Pretty Cure into sweets. In order to save not only Nozomi's Birthday but also the whole Dessert Kingdom, Pretty Cure have to fight their way against Dry and Bitter and also against their own friend: Coco, who is being brainwashed by Mushiban. A spin-off series of Disney's Lilo & Stitch. In the new story, the alien creature Stitch is running off on the mad scientist Jumba's space scooter when he gets caught in a space storm and has to make an emergency landing at Izayoi Island, the southermost tip of Japan. There, he meets Yuuna, a spirited fourth-grade girl who happens to know karate. Yuuna tells Stitch about the Stone of Chitama, a mysterious object that can make any wish come true. However, he has to perform 43 good deeds to receive his wish. (Source: ANN) One day Nobita found a small sapling behind the hill but his mom won't allow him to plant it in the backyard. Using Doraemon's special tool, they made the tree alive so it could move around freely. Nobita name it Ki-bō and the two became like brothers. From there, a new adventure awaits... Free video hosted by Tokyo neighbourhood to protect kids from "bad adults". (Source: ANN) Akiba-chan focuses on the daily life of Akiba-chan and four fellow TV and game fans in the Maison de Akiba apartments. Buildup Entertainment (Gundam: Mission To The Rise, Macross Plus) produced the computer animation with director Junya Kabe (Specter, D) and character designer Poyoyon Rock (Nurse Witch Komugi, Starship Girl Yamamoto Yohko). (Source: yukianimereviews.com) First appeared in Nodame Cantabile manga as a fictional anime series. Later, in episode 4 of the live-action TV drama it appeared as a theatrical movie. Finally, the "movie" was completed and included in Nodame Cantabile anime DVD as an extra feature. (Source: ANN) Sequel series to Kodai Oja Kyoryu King. The Alpha Gang and the Ancients return. While the parents are talking, they are kidnapped by Gunenco, a member of the Zanjark Space Aliens. This causes the Alpha Gang and D-Team to join forces against the Zanjark Space Aliens in their plot to obtain the Cosmos Stones. Seth later returns as an ally to the Zanjark space aliens. Jark, the leader of the Zanjark, provides the dinosaur cards New 12-episode OVA series featuring the Imagin stars of the popular 2007 Kamen Rider Den-O live action tv series. Sequel to Sugar Bunnies.   Movie based on the 2007 TV anime with an original plot. The sixteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. While playing in the ocean near a tropical resort, Pikachu & Co. get in a scuffle with Team Rocket's Pokémon. This scuffle causes the Pokémon to wind up miles away in an Ice-covered Paradise. However, when they get there, they are seperated soon find that certain Pokémon in the area require their assistance. Will they be able to reunite with their friends and help these Pokémon out? (Source: Serebii) Shinjuku Shin-chan teaches kids about traffic safety. After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. The story of a baby dinosaur and his friends.  21st Anpanman movie.  Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Nalong, Ukkya, and Longman have teamed up to defend the Earth from alien invaders who are here to pollute the environment! Lulu forest is no longer the main threatened area as the trio travels the world and helps out other animals in need. One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN) Having not only a narrator that enhances the educational aspect of the show, it also stars "super" seven heroes based on the five physical senses in addition to the two mental senses (nonsense and common sense). Noonbory (the main character) is considered to have the ability for common sense. The settings include the four seasons that make up the Technicolor world of Toobalooba. The cast of villains include Wangury and his band of Bullygury pirates, a lonely girl named Rosygury and an abominable snowman named Coldygury that can throw snowballs from his hat when he is angry at "somebory" or "somegury." (Source: Wikipedia)  Takara Tomy's popular doll "Licca-chan" got it's own animation "Licca-chan and the Magical World" produced by DLE Inc. This time the theme is a telephone, based on Licca-chan's (Rika-chan's) phone, and the story has elements that capture the girls' hearts such as Magic and Becoming a Princess. As supporting characters there's the vivid colored "Bear", a humorous take on princess as "Ann Queen" (voiced by Asa Komuro) and other original characters, creating an original scenario. (Source: DLE,  Inc.) In a Shinto shrine, life goes on a leisurely pace for three bells who are brothers. A lovely story of a little seagull Lou who thinks of himself as a barnacle. (Source: Olive Studio) 7 sing-along songs and nursery rhymes featuring the main cast acting them out. Some are international classics such as Ten Little Indians and others are classic Japanese ones such as Close Hands, Open Hands (Musunde Hiraite). A wolf makes a fool of himself trying to eat sheep that are playing baseball. A direct continuation of the second season. This time there are aliens and a robot friend that hangs out with the gang. The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life. (Source: AniDB) An educational earthquake disaster safety video for kids. An educational "don't play with fire" safety video for kids with talking animals. Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.  A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants. The 7th DVD of Sugar Bunnies Chocolate! contained the unaired episode 27 finale and an unaired recap episode. About a young boy named Akigawa Yuta who gets sucked into a virtual world through his cell phone. He meets three strange creatures that travel with him on Yuta's adventure in this strange new world. About the daily lives of a boy and his talking penguin. A spin-off series of Disney's Lilo & Stitch. In the new story, the alien creature Stitch is running off on the mad scientist Jumba's space scooter when he gets caught in a space storm and has to make an emergency landing at Izayoi Island, the southermost tip of Japan. There, he meets Yuuna, a spirited fourth-grade girl who happens to know karate. Yuuna tells Stitch about the Stone of Chitama, a mysterious object that can make any wish come true. However, he has to perform 43 good deeds to receive his wish. (Source: ANN) Himeno Mimika is a daughter of historical cook family. She goes to a cooking school, Miracle Academy which train cooks all over the world. Vying with rivals, she brings out her gift, and she grows up as a cook. (Source: AnimeNfo) The story of what happened to Anne Shirley before she was adopted. The story revolves around a palm-sized seal named Mameta, the other seals (Cherry-chan, Soda-kun, Lemon-chan, Candy-chan), and the Mamekawa family that raises the seals. (Source: ANN) The Yamadas and Chi move to a new apartment house, where keeping a pet is allowed. Penguin no Mondai Movie. Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN) In 3131, the goats lived on Qingqing Field happily, and the Grey Wolf lived in the castle with his wife named Red Wolf beyond the Qingqing Field. Every time when Grey Wolf appeared on the Qingqing Field, and was going to catch the goats, all the goats would work together and chucked the wolf out of Qingqing Field. PGBBW is a classic story line of a village of happy-go-lucky goats and their not-so-friendly wolf neighbors. Each episode explores the wolf’s latest scheme to catch himself goat for dinner. Despite his attempts, the goats in the village always seem to outsmart the wolf—all while creating a funny and adventurous plot line. Many millennia ago, a meteor from space which threatened to destroy the world was stopped by Arceus who intervened to protect the world. While attempting to protect the world, Arceus was badly injured and Damos (ダモス) took care of it. As gratidude, Arceus promised to help make the desolate land of Michīna rich and prosperous so it gave Damos the Jewel of Life (命の宝玉). Arceus let Damos borrow 16 parts of its body to create the Jewel of Life which were to be returned to it on a specific date. Arceus was betrayed when it was not returned and it vowed to judge humans when it awakens. Many millennia after these events, Satoshi, Hikari and Takeshi arrive in the riverside town of Michīna (ミチーナ) which is surrounded by nature's beauty. They decide to go the ruins of Michīna which are at the summit of a large rock. There is a large and beautiful lake at its shores and Satoshi and friends are fascinated by the lake, but suddenly, waves begin to form in the lake and tornado of water begins to wreak havoc. A descendant of Damos, a girl called Sheena, runs out from the ruins of Michīna. Sheena saw what was happening and she summoned Dialga and she says "Dialga, please!" and Dialga manages to stop the tornado. Satoshi and his friends finally get to see the ruins and Kevin and Sheena tell the old legend of Michīna to Satoshi and his friends. Moments after they explain the legend, the fighting between Dialga, Palkia and Giratina becomes fierce and the ruins of Michīna are destroyed. Arceus is awoken... Source: pocketmonsters The Pokédans team's adventure begins one day when a boy, who has transformed from a human into a Pocchama (Piplup) creature in the world where Pokémon live, meets a Hikozaru (Chimchar) creature. The team joins a Juptile (Grovyle) and go to the "Lost Continent" to save the world with the "Time Gears." (Source: ANN) Sequel to Sugar Bunnies Chocolate! A story of a rat family who have to leave their home because humans start a construction site. Now the rats are searching for a place to stay. Summer! Everyone is full of energy today. Pikachu and friends play with their beach ball! Pikachu and Pochama are chasing and diving in a river when they drift over and see a metropolis. "Where are we?" they said, searching from the rooftops of the buildings. Suddenly, with a bang, jagged-eared Pichu and Muchul collide. The two argue in an angry mood. "Sparkling is gone! It was the present to give to Kireihana..." Besides, today is her birthday!? This is troublesome! We must hurry and search. Moreover, Nyarth-tachi are aiming too! Thus, the Great Sparkling Search begins! (Source: Pocketmonsters) Aside from her deep passion for eating cakes, the clumsy Ichigo Amano has never been successful at anything.  After an encounter with Henri Lucas, a famous patissier, Ichigo's amazing tasting abilities—although unbeknownst to her—are discovered.  Recognizing her talent, Henri offers her the chance to attend St. Marie Academy, a prestigious culinary school which specializes in desserts. In spite of the fact that she is a beginner lacking skills, thanks to Henri's recommendation, Ichigo is placed in the topmost group with the "Sweets Princes." The princes, famous throughout the school for their magical treats, are Sennosuke Andou, an expert in traditional Japanese sweets; Satsuki Hanabusa, with a flair for candied flowers; and Makoto Kashino, a gifted chocolatier. Ichigo and the Sweets Princes, each accompanied by their "Sweets Spirits"—fairies who make patissiers' dreams come true—all work towards their goals in the competitive world of sweets. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yatterman movie. The second season of Stitch!, episode numbers continue from 27. The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings. (Source: ANN) While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like there would be an earthquake in his room. A little rabbit from an alternate universe named Chamii opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer and gets inside Nobita's room through the floor. Nobita waks up and Doraemon hears somebody steals food from the fridge in the kitchen. It is Chamii, who gets caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see the Koya Koya Planet. they meet a boy named Roppuru... TV Asahi announced a new kids anime "Kaidan Restaurant (Thriller Restaurant)" based on a picture book. Each episode will consist of three stories or "dishes": the appetizer, the main dish, and dessert. The first two "dishes" will deal with an ordinary sixth-grade schoolgirl named Ako Ozara and the bizarre occurrences that befall her classmates. The third "dish" will be a standalone short ghost story told by Ako and her friends. The Media Factory mascot character franchise revolves around a male rabbit that transforms into Usaru-san by wearing a monkey costume and eating bananas. The title “Usaru-san” is a portmanteau of “usagi” (rabbit) and “saru” (monkey). (Source: AniDB) Based on the Russian "national character" Cheburashka. The character comes from Eduard Uspensky's story about a mysterious creature who gets accidentally transported in a box of oranges to Russia. In the Flash-animated television comedy series, a sumo wrestler named Mikoshiarashi travels around the world to train to become the Yokozuna, the Grand Sumo Champion. He meets colorful characters along the way as he is determined to meet his goals. Koko is a little girl who always wears the penguin coat her deceased father gave her. She believes that she can fly like her father told her and is often teased by the other children. One night Koko follows a strange cat and finds herself in the land of the goblins. The mystical land is in danger for the old enemy is gathering his forces. Will Koko be able to save her new friends? A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009. A mobile phone TV show broadcasted on Bee TV. The anime is most notable for its entire cast being voiced by seiyuu Sawashiro Miyuki, who plays every single character, from male to female and from human to non-human. In the city of Salta, a place where the sun never shines, a community of vampires lives. Hipira is a little vampire who lives the life of a typical boy, attending school and dealing with bullies along the way. However, he also has a soft spot for exploring, playing pranks on others and having grand adventures! Whether he's befriending a human soul, scaring his neighbours by pretending day has come or encountering giant frogs and aliens, Hipira is always getting himself into and out of trouble. The seventeenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Animated 3D movie based on a bestseller picture book by Agawa Hiroyuki, illustrated by Okabe Fuyuhiko and published in 1959 by Iwanami Shoten Publishing. Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia) A special episode of Stitch, taking place between season 1 and season 2. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. A third set of animated shorts featuring the popular Imagin characters from the Japanese live-action series "Kamen Rider Den-O". The continuation of Penguin no Mondai. Sometime in the near future, in an age in which we have established contact and communications with planets outside our galaxy, Scan2Go has become a huge phenomenon throughout all of outer space. Giant races are held at every locality, with each racer gunning for the title of the universe's number one racer! The main character in the series, Kazuya, possesses the power of the eagle, performed well with his blazing, innate power commanding his falconine beast spirit. He competes in a tournament, the "Pro-Racer Exhibition Race.", but was no match for the other teams that had won their way through the competitive Space Preliminaries. Realizing the difficult obstacles that lie before them, Kazuya and his friends leave the small Earth behind and set off on a universe-wide quest to hone their skills as warriors! While being let out to play by their trainers, Pikachu and Piplup wind up separated from their Pokémon friends and wind up travelling with a Skitty into a strange dimension, unknowingly followed by Croagunk, Team Rocket's Pokémon and a Marill that's desperate to have someone hear her sing... (Source: Bulbapedia) After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together. BD specials with the Hanamaru Kindergarten main characters dancing to the Panda Neko theme. BD specials styled as "previews" in an alternative magical-girl setting. Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Set mainly in and around the Shanghai Ghetto in Japanese-occupied Shanghai during the Second World War, the film tells the story of three children. Rina and her younger brother Mishalli are Jewish refugees who escaped Europe but are without their parents. A-Gen is a Chinese boy who meets Rina and helps her and her brother to survive. The children form strong friendships and have adventures as they try and fend off the Japanese army occupying the city, and their allies, the Nazis. In the background, the Second Sino-Japanese War takes place, while the children must face the uncertainty that concerns the fate of Rina and Mishalli's parents in Europe. (Source: AniDB) The phone-only episodes 11 & 12 of Hipira-kun. A film encompassing five short stories, presented in an animated 3D method. An exclusive episode showing the guest character, Kijimunaa's sister, who looks like Kijimunaa and is pink. (Source: Wikipedia)  What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.  Nisshin Seifun Group commissioned 3 commercials for a mascot, Konyara, from Studio Ghibli to promote their company. The first commercial was for their 110th anniversary. The 7th DVD of Sugar Bunnies Fleur! contained the unaired episode 27 finale and an unaired recap episode. Nobita asks Doraemon to take him somewhere they can dive and as a result the robot-cat uses several gadgets to make it possible for both to able to swim on an imaginary ocean above sea level. Inadvertently a mermaid ends up on Nobita's backyard when they turn off the illusion. Her name is Sophia and she is a princess of an ancient underwater civilization. Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Jyaian, and Suneo quickly become her friends and are invited to visit her homeland. While heading towards the underwater kingdom they find themselves amid a conflict between the mermaids and an opposing tribe that has driven them away from their home planet thousands of years ago. Doraemon, Nobita, and their friends must then aid Sophia find a legendary sword that might bring peace once again to the seas. (Source: ANN) The Fury of Zoroark Has Been Unleashed! The Pokémon Baccer World Cup. It is the most anticipated event of the year, and as hundreds flock to Crown City to watch the exciting competition unfold, Ash, Pikachu, and his friends encounter a mysterious new Pokémon they have never seen before. But when the three Legendary Pokémon Raikou, Entei, and Suicune suddenly arrive and begin rampaging through the streets, it’s up to Ash and his companions, along with their new Pokémon friend Zorua, to uncover the secret behind the immense and powerful forces at work. What strange and dangerous powers are afoot in Crown City? Why did Celebi suddenly return after vanishing for twenty years? And why is the mighty Zoroark unleashing its fury upon the town? The quest for these answers leads down an uncertain path filled with peril—can Ash and his companions find enough courage, strength, and friendship to unearth the mystery in time to save Crown City? (Source: Pokemon.com) Chi meets someone new at the park and tries to befriend him. Keshikasu-kun is an anthropomorphism anime about stationery. The main character is the eraser Keshikasu who aims to be an idol of the stationary world. He fights against other stationary and erases a mechanical pencil or gets crushed by a permanent marker. Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads. From a bleak future, Shinnosuke Nohara sends a girl named Tamiko on a mission to bring his five-year-old self to that time period right before being captured. Reaching the past, she claims to be Shin-chan's bride and takes him and his friends on a wild adventure to try to save the world to come. (Source: ANN) Two five minute specials based on homonym games. Natsuya receives a mission from Professor Hastings to protect Pokémon and destroy the Pokémon Nappers, who poach and control wild Pokémon.  A scientific animation and the second project of Anime Innovation Tokyo, THINK Corporation and Tokyo Metropolitan Government's investment initiative to sponsor animation works by independant animators or small studios What would be your guess of the world's fastest moving transport? Haley is a student at the school of wizardry, doing nothing but racing with his friends on flying broomsticks. One day, Haley's teacher unveils one of his latest inventions - magic goggles that measure the speed of moving objects, simply by wearing them. He has Haley and his friends use these goggles and compete against each other to decide who will measure the fastest speed of any surrounding animal. Peter, frustrated after losing against Haley, challenges him to another match and the two head toward the human world, taking with them an advanced magic broomstick their teacher had developed. Although this broomstick was incomplete, Haley and Peter succeed in flying around the human world to discover the fastest moving object. Now, what do you suppose this could be...?! (Source: AniDB) Special episode of Yumeiro Pâtissière shown at the Ribon event along with Hiyokoi. In their new adventure, Yuuna and Stitch move from their small island Izayoi to the Okinawa main island where Yuuna is supposed to visit a school. A new cast of friends awaits them there as well as a new crisis approaching from space. (Source: AniDB) Full version of the story featured in the TV series. Released as a special. 22nd Anpanman short movie. As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Ash Ketchum, headed off to the Unova region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Hoenn and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Trip and the region's Professor Juniper, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Cilan, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Straition City Gym Leaders. A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two. Sakura Kurumi, Erika's mother, is preparing for a fashion show in Paris. The girls of the school's fashion club are going to model there, including some high school students. While in Paris, they meet a mysterious boy named Oliver. However, Baron Salamander of the Desert Apostles appears, and the girls transform into Pretty Cures to defend Paris. The story follows 12 bear cubs living in a dormitory on the top of a mountain. (Source: AniDB) The story centers around a mysterious tall tower built from an (unsteady) stack of building blocks. Every morning, noon, and evening, an old timekeeping man rings the bell in the tower to confirm the time for the local townspeople. However, one day at noon, the tower bell fails to ring — leaving the townspeople confused about when to eat lunch. The fantasy adventure begins when Karl, an inquisitive boy living in the town, decides to go to the tower's plaza to see what is the matter. (Source: ANN) A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two. Robin, a boy who likes to invent something alone, decides to make a lot of friends when he has to move from downtown to "Green Village". At the stage of "Green Village" which is set the newest environment system for nature, each episode has a lot of questions about " true ecology" and "true friends" through the activities of Robin and his 100 friends. (Source: Official Website) CJ7: The Cartoon loosely adopts the original plot of how a father and a son accidentally pick up an alien named CJ7. Based on Stephen Chow's 2008 hit comedy CJ7, the film has a newly developed storyline in which CJ7 protects the environment and saves the earth. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB) Crafty Gecko and General Tiger attack the Goat Village with plans to build an amusement park. Even worse, they intend to turn the castle of Wolfie (Grey Wolf) and his wife, Wolnie (Red Wolf) into a public toilet! To save their captured families from the fierce animal gang and robot soldiers, Weslie (Pleasant Goat) and Wolfie must work together to find the legendary statues that protected their ancestors. Can they beat the villains and become friends? (Source: Wikipedia) On an island, legend has it that monsters have lived there since ancient times. Because of this, the residents have named the island “Monster Island.” In actuality, the monsters living on the island are friendly, but live in fear of humans. A child named Kotake wanders onto the island. A grumpy red ogre named Naki ends up taking care of the child. What strange things might this encounter cause? One-hour special split into 2 episodes during the airing of Pokemon Best Wishes! featuring the old characters from the Diamond & Pearl series Hikari and Takeshi with their Pokemon. Episode 1 - ヒカリ・新たなる旅立ち! (Hikari, Arata Naru Tabidachi!): Hikari - Setting off on a New Journey! Episode 2 - ニビジム・史上最大の危機! (Nibi Gym, Shijou Saidai no Kiki!): Nibi Gym - The Greatest Crisis Ever! The Japanese television network TBS announced that it will start airing the Suzy's Zoo Daisuki! Witzy series of television anime shorts this April. The anime adapts the American greeting card line Suzy's Zoo from the San Diego-based artist Suzy Spafford. The story will center around a duckling named Witzy and his stuffed animal friends in a verdant backyard. (Source: ANN) Jealous of Suneo's new robot toy, Nobita asks Doraemon to build him an even better one. Doraemon initially refuses, until Nobita accidentally discovers pieces of a mysterious robot that falls from the sky. After gathering all the robot parts and assembled them together, the giant robot, Zanda Claus, is soon completed. The duo soon learn that the robot is not a mere toy, but a powerful weapon in the fight against the coming Robot Army that is going to attack Earth and enslave the human inhabitants of it. An invasion is near, as a mysterious girl Riruru (リルル, Alternative spelling: Lilulu, Lillele [Doko Demo Doa Scanlations]) shows up, looking for the robot. (Source: Wikipedia) 23rd Anpanman short movie. No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are: Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Kuroki Eiyuu Zekrom Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Shiroki Eiyuu Reshiram The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram. After Cure Muse's mission of restoring her father's kind heart was accomplished, Ako and Mephisto decided to return to Major Land together. Suddenly, a howling noise rang through the city, and when it died down, all music was gone. Ako and Mephisto tried to establish contact with Major Land, but could not get a response. Full of worry, Hibiki and the others headed to Major Land, where there was no sign of the former land of overflowing music. The world was desolate without sound, its people devoid of emotion like stone, continuing to play their soundless instruments. The only one left was Ako's friend Suzu, who explained how Aphrodite suddenly changed and took away all music from the land. Ako and Mephisto, unbelieving and determined to find out the truth, headed to the palace where Aphrodite was. Hibiki, Kanade and Ellen decided to chase after Suzu, who had run away after Ako refused to believe her story. While chasing after Suzu, the girls met with 3 men eager to steal the Healing Chest. And as the truth slowly came to light, the Pretty Cure had to face up to the real enemy. The continuation of Penguin no Mondai Max. The story follows a racoon-like tanuki creature named Hal who find an abandoned human baby. Hal names the baby Pal and decides to transform into a human mother to raise him. (Source: ANN) The characters in Sanrio's Wish me mell line star in two short specials. Satoshi (Ash)'s Pikachu and friends visit a town with a huge draw bridge, but problems arise when they come across Satoshi's Mijumaru (Oshawott) and Pokabu (Tepig), who have eaten the fruits that wild Gothimu (Gothita) and Darumakka had collected. They head off to collect fruits from the forest across the bridge, but then Nyarth (Meowth) appears and tries to steal the fruits. On top of that, the bridge is raised, blocking their passage. What will Pikachu do? The fight for the fruits begins!! (Source: bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net) Short film shown only in the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka. The nine-minute short adapts a picture book by Rieko Nakagawa and Yuriko Yamawaki, the author and illustrator of two previous books that inspired Ghibli shorts (Sora Iro no Tane, The Whale Hunt). In the story, a boy named Yuuji and a rabbit named Gikku find a stick at the same time, and decide to compete in games to decide who can keep the stick. However, whether it is a foot race, long jump, or sumo wrestling, they always end up in a tie. (Source: ANN) A Korean animation about a hen named Leafie who lives and works on an egg farm who dreams of freedom outside her cage. One day she fakes her own death to escape the farm. Based on Bandai's trading figure battle game. The story of Battle Break is set 100 years into the future, when four superpowers - Earth's mechanized Empire, the fused hybrid beast/human resistance fighters of Gaia, the genetically engineered creatures of Coeurl, and the galactic Alien alliance - clash in the solar system. (Source: ANN) The Candy Factory is a place where all Zoobles are born. Beyond that factory is a world called Candy Land, where all Zoobles live. The story revolves around the three main Zoobles: Chevy, a Cat Zooble with an Orange Flavour; Coron, a Rabbit Zooble with a Strawberry Milk Flavour; and Panky, a Panda Zooble with a Blueberry Yogurt Flavour. The three of them live in Candy Town, and they get into serious misadventures as they try to get in (and out of) trouble. (Source: AniDB) Every 333 years the ultimate universal devil known as "Kuiba" is reborn. With each rebirth, Kuiba brings absolute destruction. In order to battle Kuiba, Deities and people team up and assassinate him just before his revival. In 1664, the year of Kuiba's rebirth, the assassination attempt failed. Kuiba managed to slip into the young body of Manji. As the child grew older, Manji grew a strong desire to become the greatest warrior. When Manji hears the armies of Earth are recruiting to battle Kuiba, Manji and his master enlists to find and fight Kuiba. What he doesn't know is the one he is aiming to destroy is himself. How will he face his fate and accept his destiny?  This special is a short story about Witzy and the surprise birthday party that is planned by his friends. The House, which echoes of the wildly surreal worlds seen in Spirited Away, focuses on Ga-young, a young woman who moves to an old town where she meets Zipsin, the spirit of a house that is soon to be demolished. Whisked away on an enchanted adventure, Ga-young and Zipsin seek out a new spirit who may be able to help them—and together, they hatch a scheme to save the house from those who don't believe in its magic. The spring festival is around corner, but Mr. wolf doesn't feel happy at all. Mrs. Wolf is going to have baby, but Mr. Wolf can't catch any sheep. What is more, their castle is torn down making them homeless. Mr. Wolf needs to fight back. In the mean time, a sheep from the moon returns and tells the other sheep the secret of the sugar moon. The sheep go to the moon but are followed by wolfs. They are going to have war on the moon. Filled with different sorts of yummy candies, Moon used to be a paradise for those with a sweet tooth. It's also the residence of the Moon fairy and her magical rabbit. But one day the Lord of Bitterness invades Moon with the intention of making their happy life miserable. The rabbit escapes to Earth and seeks help from Pleasant Goat, who then leads a ragtag group of rescuers - including his nemesis Big Big Wolf - to restore peace on Moon. (Source: YesAsia & China Image Film Festival) A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals. Short promotional videos made for Shiroishi City in Miyagi Prefecture. The dinosaur fantasy revolves around a 12-year-old named Yuta and Gobi — a moving fossil. The two embark on a journey with Yuta's friends to chase a fossil thief and find Gobi's stolen fossil mother. (Source: ANN) "47 Prefecture Dogs" is a short flash animation from a voice over variety TV program in Japan called "SAY! YOU! SAY! ME!" The animation takes Japan's 47 prefectures—or more specifically, the local delicacies or famous landmarks from each of the regions—and gives them a canine makeover. For example, the "Fukuoka-ken" (Fukuoka dog),—Fukuoka of course being home to asianbeat HQ—uses the delicacy "mentaiko" (spicy pollack roe) as the motif for its canine characterization. Each of the characters are played by voice actors that hail from each of the individual prefectures, "Fukuoka-ken" being voiced by Fukuoka's Kana Asumi. Another feature of this anime is the use of regional dialect. All the dogs speak in the dialect of their individual prefectures. So for the Fukuoka dog you hear a lot of "~to" and "~to yo" at the end of sentences; for the Aichi dog it's "~dagane," and for Ehime, "~zonamoshi," etc. (Source: AsianBeat.com, edited) A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. Nikoli-chan is a curious and a crybaby. She explores the places surrounding her home but if she doesn't get her way she throws a tantrum. As the forest begins to thaw, animals are looking forward to spring. But they need to help each other to survive the period of when the flora has not yet produced food.  Ace appears to save the day and Stitch decides to help him. In Brooms Town, every vehicle has a voice and a personality, and they work together with the human residents in a peaceful harmony. The residents are happy and carefree, but once in a while trouble rears its head. Brooms Town can rest easy, though, for at any sign of danger, the Rescue Team is there. Poli the police car, Roy the fire truck, and Amber the ambulance are joined by their friends as they patrol the streets of Brooms Town and help out its citizens. Robocar Poli is aimed at small children, and has a charming cast of characters composed of rescue vehicles that can transform into humanoid robots. Aimed at teaching children about safety rules, every episode has a moral to be learned. Poli and his friends are here to teach everything from road safety to the value of friendship and teamwork. In 2046, a revolutionary 80% shock-absorbing reinforced cardboard has been developed, rapidly transforming the world's exports. The reinforced cardboard would soon become the battleground for a popular children's hobby called "LBX" (Little Battler eXperience). Four years later, a boy named Yamano Ban who loves to play with LBX (although without a mecha himself) is given a case containing the model AX-00 by a mysterious woman. He is told that he now holds the hopes and despairs of mankind in his hands. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are: Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Kuroki Eiyuu Zekrom Pokemon Best Wishes! the Movie: Victini to Shiroki Eiyuu Reshiram The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram.  The Nohara family is abducted by aliens from an advanced civilization who claim that Himawari is a legendary princess who will save the solar system. Unaware of the consequences, Shinnosuke signs a contract that allows her to be raised in the alien world. This forces him and his parents to go on a desperate quest to bring her back. (Source: ANN) One year after the fight with the Innovators, a new terrorist organization called the Detectors threatens the world using LBXs. Ban joins up with new and old friends to stop the Detectors. (Source: ANN) The 15th Pokemon movie and the 2nd 'Best Wishes!' movie. It will feature the legendary Pokemon Kyurem (appearing also in its new Black Kyurem and White Kyurem formes.) The Legendary Musketeer Pokemon-Cobalion, Terrakion and Virizion-will appear alongside their newly revealed 4th member, Keldeo. Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll) Paboo is a fun loving and curious boy panda, and he and his group of larger-than-life friends explore and problem-solve in their quirky, imaginative and sometimes zany world! Each episode sees the Mojies (Japanese for letters of the alphabet) and Pappy (the Mojies book fairy of course!) help Paboo to discover the Magic Word and solve the problem of the day! (Source: Nelvana) The fairy tale follows a young man named Guskou in the Tohoku forests of northeastern Japan in the 1920s. After an onslaught of droughts and natural disasters, Guskou is forced to leave his home and search for a better life elsewhere. Guskou joins a group of scientists at the Ihatov Volcano Department, which deals with the same natural disasters that drove Guskou from his home. (Source: ANN)  Charo venture around Tono, Iwate, a city in Japan's Tohoku (Northeast) region, attempting to find the Eight-Starred Note in order to prevent the reappearance of the Tenaga-Ashinaga monster of local legend. (Source: ANN) The 24th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongisde the 15th movie of the Pokémon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes!: Kyurem vs. Seikenshi". It will star the recently unveiled Pokémon, Meloetta, in its Aria and Pirouette formes. Mako, Miko, and Mutsuko are three young girls visiting St. Claire Elementary, a school filled with strange legends. They have an abrupt encounter with Kunstrijk, a human body anatomy model, and Goth, a skeleton model. Both haunt the soon-to-be-demolished science room. Seeking revenge for being vandalized by the three girls, Kunstrijk invites them to the school's midnight party in order to scare them. Together, the five go on a quest to collect three mythical medals that can grant a wish and hopefully save the science room. (Source: ANN) Satoshi, Iris & Dent continue their travels through the Isshu region. After successfully winning his 8th Gym Badge against Homika in Tachiwaki City, Shirona invites everyone to stay at her villa in East Isshu, where old friend Hikari is also staying, and participate in the Pokemon World Tournament Junior Cup before Satoshi participates in the Unova League. Team Rocket, meanwhile, initiate their final plan for the Isshu region-what is their purpose in  their desire for the legendary Pokémon Meloetta? Four short crossover episodes, collectively titled Kamen Rider Fourze × Crayon Shin-chan between Kamen Rider Fourze and Crayon Shin-chan were shown in each show's time slots during April 2012 to promote their respective series' new films: Kamen Rider × Super Sentai: Super Hero Taisen and Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called!: Me and the Space Princess. The characters will crossover in two episodes of each respective series. The story follows Shin-chan teaming up with Kamen Rider Fourze in order to go to space and rescue Shin's younger sister who had been taken to Planet Himawari to become its princess. The first and fourth episodes feature both anime and live-action while the second and third were entirely animated. (Source: Wikipedia) Promotional short for Pokemon Black and White 2. In the southern country of Banana island, the energetic princess and his humble servant Banna invite Anpanman and his friends to their biggest festival "Banana Matsuri". But when they arrive a stormy and cold day bestows the island and withers all the Banana crop. While searching for the cause on the Banana Mountain a water monster appears that threatens to take back the island to the water world. With the help of Banna, can Anpanman and his friends rescue the island from this crisis? Two OVAs bundled with a special-edition issues of Coro Coro Comics. Meloetta has throat trouble, Pikachu and Snivy search for the Rinka Berries for her throat cure. Meowth and Wobbuffet run after Meloetta. The 23rd Pikachu short, bundled with the August 2012 issue of Shogakukan's Ciao shoujo magazine. (Source: AniDB) A story that unfolds around the children of the gentle Green Village, where questions as What is ecology? What is friendship? are answered. Daru, a cherished handmade stuffed toy, gets lost and separated from its owner one day when at the airport. Determined to find her again, Daru sets out on a journey around the world in search of her. As time passes, the girl begins to forget about Daru. Will Daru be able to find and see his beloved owner again? (Source: Crunchyroll) Spy Penguin revolves around a group of three penguins who protect Paris from those who threaten the peace. (Source: ANN) The movie transports the Precure into a world inside a picture book, where they are guided by Nico, a mysterious inhabitant of the picture book world. A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) The anime takes place in Crest Land, where the mysterious B-Crystal has started to go berserk. The main protagonist Godai Kamon lives in the south area of Crest Land, and is an energetic boy who loves B-Daman. However, he lost his all past memories of B-Daman and his family, except for his big sister Aona who lives with him. One day, Kamon meets Galvan, a B-Daman at his local B-Daman shop, B-Junk, and he finds Galvan strangely familiar. Galvan becomes his partner, and he returns to the B-Daman battles once again. (Source: ANN) As Shinsei Inazuma Japan was about to have a match with Inazuma Legend Japan, a mysterious attack of a person and a swarm of robots interrupted, and another mysterious girl's power drove the world into another dimension. As the world of Inazuma Eleven Go and Danball Senki W met, the two teams must work together to find out what happened to their worlds. (Source: Wikipedia) Mametchi and his friends return to study abroad at Dream Town, a place that supports the dreams of all who live there. At Dream Town, Mametchi meets the aspiring idol singer Yumemitchi, Kiraritchi and other new characters as they all follow their own dreams. (Source: ANN) Third season of Pururun! Shizuku-chan. Niigata city's publicity mascot characters, Komachi Hanano and Dangorou Sasa, search for the mysterious stone that was stolen after it had fallen from the skies. It is said that there is a thousands years old treasure that must be found before it fall into the wrong hands, and the Dragon flute which only the real descendant of the dragon can open the door of the treasure. It's a race against time and full onslaught of enemies to stop the heroes from there quest. (Source: AniDB) Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. A crossover OVA featuring Wazabo Saishuushou: Wazaguu! and Dangerous Jiisan Ja. Short movie shown at three locations: Children's Museum Noshiro in Akita Prefecture, Tsukuba Expo Center in Ibaraki Prefecture, and Osaki Lifelong Learning Center in Miyagi Prefecture. To confront a planetary war at the sand planet of Katuuna, Stitch must leave Yuna and Earth behind. (Source: Wikipedia) A young girl starting to put on make-up inadvertently ignores her pet rabbit who becomes a bit jealous. A direct continuation of the previous season where an anthropomorphic car gets separated from his home and arrive in Pororo's village and beings to live there.  Stop-motion animation about robots who only say "YoYo" and the rescue operation needed to help a robot duckling cross a river. Based on a children's book of the same name. A kappa and his mother live by themselves in the river. He makes friends with the village children until one day a child drowned by accident due to his neglect. The village adults deemed the kappa family at fault and they were going to be eliminated until a plague hit the village. People started dying but the kappa family had a cure. By using the potion knowledge of his mother and the special mortar deep under water, together they were able to make medicine to save the villagers. But after the events, can either group forgive each other? Cats play baseball at night. When their ball goes over the fence a dog is indifferent on giving it back. The cat tries different methods to get revenge. A two-part TV special focusing on the romance between the dogs. An anime commissioned by The National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation (Miraikan for short) for its "The Art of 10^64 -Understanding Vastness-" exhibition which ran from August 1, 2012 to April 15, 2013. This is an example about combinatorial explosion. "I want to demonstrate how amazing combinatorial explosion is! Please don't stop me!" Teacher and children tell you how difficult it is. (Source: Official YouTube Page)  A boy awakens to the sound of someone crying for help. Looking around he notices he is on a body of water. Upon looking at his hands, he realizes he has been transformed into an Oshawott. He panics, and then finds himself plummeting toward then ground. He then wakes up again to find himself in a forest, with a female Pikachu leaning over him, asking if he's okay. (Source: Bulbapedia) In Broom's Town, a small town with a strong rescue team, there are always accidents and troubles such as a car sliding off a cliff in the rain, a car crash, a child locked in a firehouse and so on. In every episode the town's rescue team saves characters. At the end of each episode, the rescue team strongly advises the characters who were in danger and children. (Source: AniDB) Collaboration commercials between the Inazuma Eleven Go vs. Danball Senki W Movie and Mameshiba. Second season of Feng Shu Zhan Jing. A stop-motion animation with felt characters on a small island floating in the sea. The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character, a tiny fictional dinosaur, as he interacts with the natural world. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals. (Source: Wikipedia) As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Ash Ketchum, headed off to the Unova region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Hoenn and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Trip and the region's Professor Juniper, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Cilan, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Straition City Gym Leaders. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Beast Saga takes place on a distant planet in our galaxy called Beast where three beast tribes, the Sea Tribe, the Land Tribe, and the Sky Tribe, fight for their honor. Each of the tribes protect an infinite elemental power source called Godlot. (Source: ANN)  One day, the Pretty Cures receive an invitation to a party in their honor. Everyone is heading to the party venue, the school of fairies, but awaits a mysterious shadow. The shadow steals transformation objects! What can they do? If the Cures can not be converted are in big trouble! If this continues, the school, our world and everything else will deborado by that shadow! The 32 Pretty Cures will fight to protect everyone! (Source: Wikipedia) The 25th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongside the 16th movie of the Pokemon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes! Season 2: Shinsoku no Genosect". The 16th Pokemon movie and the 3rd "Best Wishes!" movie. Flash anime shorts that center around a school for mischievous demon toddlers. (Source: AniDB)  In this new series, Satoshi, Pikachu and friends start a new journey towards the "White Ruins." There, they meet the young "N", who can hear the voices from Pokémon's hearts... The door of truth leading to an Utopia for Pokémon and humans now lies open! (Source: AniDB) In the film, butterfly warriors suddenly appear in Yamabiko and snatch away Hana Kappa's mother and others. Hana Kappa and his friends head out towards the mystery-filled land of butterflies. They overcome obstacles such as mountains and deserts and along the way, encounter a mysterious boy named Poru. (Source: ANN) Mana is given a wedding dress which was worn by her mother and grandmother. All of sudden a mysterious man named Matthew appears and takes her to the past world. Mana is so glad to meet her grandmother and her beloved dog Maro that she had a long time ago, but she can't find two of her best friends Rikka and Alice. It looks her precious memories have been changed somehow. If things continue as is, the future will be ruined, too. The Precure girls have to fight to protect their memories and future!! (Source: Crunchyroll) After their encounter with Team Plasma, Satoshi, Iris and Dent start a new journey in the Decolora Islands. Year 2055, 4 years after the events in Danball Senki W. LBXs have become the world’s largest hobby, big enough for pro leagues to be established, and people to make their entire living off being an LBX player. 14-year-old Arata is a new transfer student at Kamui Daimon Integrated Academy on Kamui Island, near Japan. Known to be the most prestigious institution in the world for raising LBX players and mechanics, entrance to the academy requires an extremely competitive hurdle of being the champion of at least 3 official tournaments. Along with other members of his platoon, they face rivals and delve into the secrets lurking within the academy. (Source: ANN) 2100A.D. The world has entered a new age of super high-speed railways. The World Railway Conference has introduced the Laser Rail, a whole new form of travel in which trains are no longer confined to the ground. To operate on the Laser Rail, the Train Base is established. Here, trains from across the globe, installed with artificial intelligences and robot bodies. Thus the Train Heroes are born. Within the Train Base, these Train Heroes undergo strict training sessions. On occasion, they are called upon to assist in disaster rescue and relief. (Source: AniDB) Boku Wa Ou-sama is a show based on a book series by Teruo Teramura and Shizuko Wakayama. The first book came out in 1959 and 49 more volumes followed, making it one of the most popular children's book  in Japan. The books and the anime follow the misadventures of Ou-sama, a silly, gluttonous, lazy but overall very lovely and cute king as he seeks elephant eggs (they make the biggest omelets, his favorite dish!) hide toys in the forest just to prank his three wise counselors, or ride the bike around the castle. This short movie that was screened simultaneously with a Anpanman movie - Sore Ike! Anpanman: Tobase! Kibou no Handkerchief . 25th Anpanman movie. Screened simultaneously with Minna de Teasobi: Anpanman to Itazura Obake .  Movie for the Shimajirou children's series.  The original story is set before Mewtwo meets Satoshi and his friends in the upcoming film's storyline. It will focus on Mewtwo's history, goals, and how it became the strongest Pokémon. Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Three main characters — Zorori, Ishishi, and Noshishi — get a letter from their friend (a dinosaur mother) to come see some dinosaur eggs because they are going to hatch soon. When they get to the legendary dinosaur island, they are greeted with a warm welcome. However, a huge typhoon hits the island and the eggs go missing. Zorori goes on a quest to save the eggs and have them safely returned to their families. (Source: ANN) "Kuiba" is back in cinemas with its second franchise "Battle of Yuan Yang World." An innocent soul, or a demon within? The plot of "Kuiba 2" picks up where the first film left off. Raised by a kind-hearted stepfather, 8-year-old Manchi is enlisted in the legion of warriors to fight "Kuiba" the devil. (Source: CCTV.com) Continuation of the gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) In the new series, Miraitchi and Kururutchi, twin sisters who dream of becoming designers, travel from the future back in time to modern-day Dream Town. (Their names are a wordplay on the Japanese words for "future" and "miracle.") To get back to the future, they must collect all eight Dreambakutchi — mysterious Tamagotchi who have escaped throughout the town. Mametchi joins Miraitchi and Kururutchi on their mission to find the Dreambakutchi, but then, an enigmatic Tamagotchi named X-Kamen (X-Mask) appears. (Sourse: ANN) Pokémon are marvelous creatures that come in a variety of types and sizes, with abilities, powers, and personalities as diverse as they are numerous. Doctor Yukinari Ookido has dedicated his life to studying these fascinating beings, that can be caught, trained, traded, and battled against each other. There's only so much he can do from his lab though. With this in mind, Ookido entrusts two young boys with a Pokémon of their own and a computerized encyclopedia to catalog them. One of them, Green, is brash, passionate, slightly arrogant, and Doctor Ookido's own nephew. The other boy, Red, is equally passionate, and filled with a wide-eyed, mildly naive sense of wonder. Pokémon: The Origin follows Red in his journey through the region of Kanto in his attempt to complete his "Pokédex" by capturing and cataloging all the Pokémon that exist. Along the way he'll discover there's more to himself and his goals than he originally thought. Red will have to put both himself and his Pokémon to the test in special Gyms whose leaders are steps along the way to the Pokémon League, in order to challenge the Elite Four and become a Pokémon League Champion. Aside from his goals to become a Champion, Red has other problems brewing. There are others who capture and train Pokémon for more sinister reasons, with the infamous criminal organization Team Rocket being one of them. If Red can defeat them, fellow trainers, his rival Green, and wild Pokémon all through Kanto, he just may fulfill his own dream, and Doctor Ookido's as well. Dent and Takeshi! Gyarados's Outrage!! is the first spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia) The new anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. Special Movie screened at the Konica Minolta Planetarium "Manten" in Tokyo, Japan. The film is based on the Jules Verne novel "Adrift in the Pacific: Two Years Holiday" published in 1888. A group of youngsters find themselves adrift at sea, and after a terrible storm they are cast upon a deserted island, where they must learn to get along with each other in order to survive. On this occasion, the human protagonists are replaced by cats. Prequel special to the Pokemon XY series. Recap episode. Follows the life of a girl sea cucumber who lives in an aquarium.  This edition focuses on teaching kids good house manners. Such as eating all the food on your plate; to taking naps when instructed to so you can grow up big and strong; to avoiding wetting the bed and how to handle the situation if you do. Pororo and the gang entry a sleigh racing contest after getting guidance under a 'champion'. Turns out the champion was a liar and now the gang has to fight tooth and nail to win first place in order to keep their pride after talking big. Korean Culture and Information Service, Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism commissioned a Pororo short to promote Korean travel to English speaking youths across the world and to domestic youths to explore their own country. The is the first Pororo work to feature humans. The story is split into 4 chunks for the single episode. A direct sequel to Fukashigi no Kazoekata commissioned by Graphillion. Graphillion is a Python software package on search, optimization, and enumeration for a very large set of graphs. This video is a quick tutorial to learn what Graphillion is. (Source: Official YouTube Page) An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch. A short musical of Hanakappa double-billed with the first film. It aired before the main feature started. The storyline is unknown but judging from the sneak peek unveiled at the Ostuni Festival, it focuses on a team of heroes battling evil forces with their Top Plate. These heroes include the protagonist red-haired boy owning Blaze Liger, a gray-haired boy with Mortal Shark, a brown-haired boy wielding Rocky Golem, a blonde-haired girl having Antler Goat and a green-haired boy owning Wings Falcon. The evil forces however consist of the antagonist red-haired boy owning Dread Dragon, another red-haired boy owning Reptile Hydra, a red-haired girl owning Poison Scorpion, a blue-haired boy owning Thunder Wolf and a mysterious man. Another red-haired boy will also appear with an unnamed red Top Plate with additional characters. The Top Plates also have a "spirit" in the form of an animal relating to its motif appearing during special attacks. These special moves seem to be activated by their owner using an elemental bow and arrow and shooting it to reveal their spirit. (Source: Top Plate Wikia) The CG anime series is based on Sekiguchi Corporation's line of stuffed toy monkeys. Ashi Productions previously produced the Monchichi, the Twins television anime series that aired in 1980. An American-produced animated series titled Monchhichis also aired in the 1980s. (Source: ANN) Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll) Original 3D Animated shorts from The Answerstudio. Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow. Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is a remake of the 1982 film, Doraemon: Nobita's Great Demon , which was written by original Doraemon co-creator Fujiko F. Fujio. (Source: Wikipedia) "Kuiba III" is the third film of the "Kuiba Pentalogy" animated film series. The film reveals the entire line-up of the Kuiba Legion, "Twelve Devils" and the mysterious character that will appear in the show—Ao Jiang. At the same time, one of the film's animated scenes shows the earthshaking take of the ultimate showdown between Kuiba's pulse beast and the Lion pulse beast. (Source: Original translation by thanatoz of rayout.org)  The story will revolve around how the Avengers—Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and the Hulk together with the help of Spider-Man and a group of teens—will harness their respective fighting skills and superhuman powers to foil Loki's scheme to take over the world. Marvel Disk Wars: The Avengers will target boys in the 6-12 age group. (Source: Marvel) Pretty Cure All Stars New Stage 3: Eien no Tomodachi is the sixth of the Pretty Cure All Stars crossover movie series featuring all current Pretty Cure characters and the last of the "New Stage" film, including the 16th movie of all Pretty Cure movie series. (Source: Pretty Cure Wikia)  Assistant Detective Rascal travels around the world with Uncle Po to check various mysteries. Doraemon is a robotic cat that lives in the 22nd century, and is known as a caretaker who helps others with his futuristic gadgets. One day he is approached by Sewashi Nobi, the great-great-grandson of Nobi Nobita. Sewashi demands of Doraemon to go back to the past and make Nobita happy in order to prevent a disastrous and bleak future. Doraemon is not excited about this idea, but Sewashi installs a program into Doraemon and eventually sends him back to the past. Nobita Nobi is an elementary school boy who is very lazy, unlucky and a scaredy-cat. He gets bullied by everyone and does not excel in any school subject. When he meets Doraemon for the first time, the two of them start off on the wrong foot; however, they soon become great friends. Doraemon cannot go home to the 22nd century unless he turns Nobita into a boy who can stand on his own and be happy. The story is set in Diamond Ore Country, of which Diancie is the princess.This is a country located deep underground, where the Pokémon Carbink live together in peace. The energy source of this country is a giant diamond called the Sacred Diamond, which can only be created by princess Diancie. However, the current princess doesn't yet possess the power to create such a diamond, and the current Sacred Diamond's power is soon going to run out, which would result in the end of the country. Diancie meets up with Ash and Pikachu, and set off together with them to search for the legendary Pokemon Xerneas, which possesses sacred power, but on the way, they find the cocoon where the Destruction Pokémon, Yveltal, who was said to have once destroyed life in Kalos, lies in wait. (Source: serebii.net) A thrilling tale in which a group of innocent pokemon get sucked into a world full of keys only to find themselves trapped. Will they ever escape? Kanbee-kun with Nobunaga, Hideyoshi, and Ieyasu in manga. They are popular characters from "Rekishi Hiwa Historia," the history show. Five anthropomorphic animal friends bond over their ukulele training. In Big Money City, players participate in "Hero Battles" using Bankfon Gs, which allows them to rent powerful hero suits and fight battles against other players, receiving power boosts from the system's public domain feature. Kaito Goushou, a young elementary school student who is always eager to help others, ends up hastily signing a contract to rent the powerful unlisted hero suit, "Enter the Gold," from a mysteriously seedy priest named Sennen; however, he soon learns that the suit comes with a debt of 10 billion yen, and Kaito must now clear his dues by winning Hero Battles. (Source: Wikipedia) The mystery that was left untold in the TV series will be revealed in the movie. Movie of Yuuto-kun ga Iku. The children's anime revolves around Velonica, a high-handed and ultra-selfish little alien girl on the Galaxy Network, who begins to cause havoc on Earth. After a "fated encounter" with an Earthling boy, Velonica wavers between a possible budding romance with the boy and her dedication to the arts. (Source: ANN) In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others... Hiyori's grandmother died. To stop her crying all day and every day, Hiyori's father built a humanoid robot called Washimo, that looks like her granny, complete with dentures. It walks faster than a snail but slower than a rhinoceros beetle; in fact, however, it can outrun a bullet train. (Source: ANN) Last episode of Hipira-kun bundled with the DVD/Blu-ray release. Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia) The film's story is set in the Doll Kingdom where dolls reside. Happiness Charge PreCure are asked to help by a women named Tsumugi when the sudden appearance of Saiarks begin wrecking havoc upon the Kingdom. However all is not what it seems with the mysterious man Black Fang dwelling in the shadows. (Source: ANN) New series of Tamagotchi!. 47 Todoufuken R" is based on the anime "47 Todoufuken," which aired in 2011, but with new characters in 3D. The "ken" in "Todoufuken" is a play on the words "prefecture" and "dog" since it can mean both words. noitaminA's 10th anniversary commemoration short special. Iris vs Ibuki! The Road to Become a Dragon Master!! is the second spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia) Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN) Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN) Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic.  Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land.  After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief.  A shy little Carino Coni is a rabbit boy who just started to live alone in the forest away from his family. Everyday Coni's heart raises with joy playing with his siblings who lives nearby, but suddenly cries of lonesomeness, which he cannot explain. This story is about all heart warming stories Coni encounters, and how he himself become not so lonely anymore as he gradually grows up. (Source: playsetproducts.jp) A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday. Pocket Monsters XY: Sora no Hahen , is an anime movie tied to Pokémon XY television anime, that screened in two Tokyo planetariums. Like previous Pokémon planetarium anime, this one was projected onto 360-degree panoramic domes. The story follows Satoshi and his friends when they visit the Pokémon Aerospace eXploration Agency (a nod to the real-life Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency). They are thrilled by stories from PAXA's astronauts about the wonders of space and the possibility of Pokémon living in space. Then, just as they hear about the dangers posed by space debris, sirens suddenly ring out. Team Rocket have plotted to seize control of PAXA and have apparently infiltrated the facility. At that critical moment, trouble develops in a control system for artificial satellites. Large pieces of space debris have collided, causing fears of even more debris. (Source: ANN) Momon and her pet Tanu have been close friends since childhood and have always been together. Before long, Momon became an elementary school student, and one day when a new student transfers to her class, their lives begin to change... Episode 0 of Momon's Sandwitch. The movie will feature special guests such as popular familiar characters from the TV anime series and the latest Youkai from the upcoming Youkai Watch 2 sequel games.  Short stories based on the original characters by Uruma Delvi. Prequel to the 17th Pokémon movie, Pokemon XY: Cocoon of Destruction and Diancie . Based on a picture book series, it follows a dog who flies above the clouds with a balloon.  On a small hill in a neighbourhood in the outskirts of Tokyo, there was a little park. There were six close girls who always used to play there together since they were small. But when they were fourth-graders, they had to change schools. The six of them made a "promise to bury a time capsule", but in the end they were not able to keep this promise and separated eventually. Four years later and grown up, they now live their own lives. While all of them have their own troubles and worries, the days pass and one day, a miracle happens to them. (Source: AniDB) Based on the picture eBook of the same name. One by one, with feeling, the Thousand Paper Cranes are folded. What if, those paper cranes had a "life" of their own... The purpose given to the Thousand Paper Cranes! The spectacular adventure of Kenta and Maiko begins now!! (Source: dreamonefilm) The anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and, despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. (Source: ANN) The fifth season of Pororo with a focus more on racing. Three short stories from the Nintendo Pikmin game series. The short 3D animated film is a project that Shigeru Miyamoto, a Japanese video game designer, created to explore the characters in a way his games could not. A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) Domo-kun and Charo meet a strange girl in the hustle and bustle Tokyo. Since "that day", she has not gone back home. When Charo gives the girl a wreath of Gerbera plants, she accidentally sneezes. A burst of magic came out of the Gerbera, and a flower train emerges from the middle of a flower garden. As the three board the flower train, it starts moving toward the girl's hometown. However, what awaits them is a ferocious storm! Animated short to support the reconstruction of areas hit by the 2011 Great Eastern Japan Earthquake. (Source: Official website) Yoji and Kei, a boy and girl,  live in a town in the not-so-distant future with their foster parent, Anna. But these seemingly ordinary children have a secret hidden even from their unsuspecting mother. Yoji and Kei are superhero defenders of their town! With a flap of their capes, the two of them and their robot bear sidekick,  Oscar, protect the citizens in their town with their handmade high-tech machinery. But from what menace? And will our little heroes be able to overcome the  crisis about to threaten the town's peaceful everyday serenity? Check out this utterly electrifying near-future animation to find out! (Source: Official website) An adventure by Il-ho the Satellite Girl and a shy cow to save the world from a black monster. "The Satellite Girl and Milk Cow" is a debuting animation by Jang Hyeong-yoon who is also known as the 'genius director' for his achievements in the omnibus movie "Indie Anibox: Selma's Protein Coffee" and others. (Source: HanCinema) An anime adaptation of the popular Mattel fashion doll line 'Monster High'. The Pokemon Company streamed the "Mega Special Animation" short inspired by the upcoming Pokémon Omega Ruby and Pokémon Alpha Sapphire games on Sunday. The short features Pokémon undergoing the newly discovered Mega Evolution and Primal Reversion in the Hoenn region. (Source: ANN) An educational fire safety precaution video for kids featuring Nobunaga and his retainers. An educational bicycle safety video for kids featuring Nobunaga and his retainers. Countdown of the ten best Youkai Watch moments. Recap episode. An educational program teaching children shapes, basic math, colors, and other subjects.  A Chinese film version of the original Japanese Ikkyuu-san anime.  A promotional anime for the Ijigen Gattai Mojibakeru Z toy line from Bandai. Little Yeyos are seven little spirits living in the mythological Chinese spirit world who wander about only at night. The little intern is always the one who gets ignored and taunted, including today, when he gets kicked out of bed by the female Yeyo to turn off the alarm clock. But the discovery of a mysterious dot of light changes things...if only for a little while. (Source: Official Youtube page) Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia) Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)  Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow. Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The story will revolve around how the Avengers—Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and the Hulk together with the help of Spider-Man and a group of teens—will harness their respective fighting skills and superhuman powers to foil Loki's scheme to take over the world. Marvel Disk Wars: The Avengers will target boys in the 6-12 age group. (Source: Marvel) In Big Money City, players participate in "Hero Battles" using Bankfon Gs, which allows them to rent powerful hero suits and fight battles against other players, receiving power boosts from the system's public domain feature. Kaito Goushou, a young elementary school student who is always eager to help others, ends up hastily signing a contract to rent the powerful unlisted hero suit, "Enter the Gold," from a mysteriously seedy priest named Sennen; however, he soon learns that the suit comes with a debt of 10 billion yen, and Kaito must now clear his dues by winning Hero Battles. (Source: Wikipedia) In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others... A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals. Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia) New series of Tamagotchi!. Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN) Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN) Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic.  Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land.  After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief. A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday. Follows the life of a girl sea cucumber who lives in an aquarium.  Based on a picture book series, it follows a dog who flies above the clouds with a balloon. One hundred years ago, Dahara City was beset by a terrible calamity brought on by a great power. The city was saved when a mysterious man sealed that power in the Prison Bottle, and became peaceful. In the present, Ash and his friends arrive in Dahara City, where they meet the mischievous Pokémon Hoopa as well as its human companion Mary. However, when Mary's elder brother Barza discovers the Prison Bottle in the desert and multiple Legendary Pokémon appear in the city, the battle of a century ago restarts, triggering a cataclysm that forces the appearance of even more Legendary Pokémon, drawing Arceus into the fray. (Source: Bulbapedia) The anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and, despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. (Source: ANN)  In the near future, a battle card game called "Battle Spirits" has gained enormous popularity. Players of the game—known as "Battlers"—start duelings everywhere using their color-coded cards with different attributes, creating a "Sengoku (Warring States) period" for the game. (Source: ANN) Second Youkai Watch movie.  Pikachu and the rest of the group practice singing and dancing, as well as rehearsing their segments, until they realize Luchabull (Hawlucha) can't sing! Now it's up to Pikachu and everybody else to encourage Luchabull into getting back on cue before they have to do the show for real! Will they succeed? Disney Tsum Tsum is a series of shorts on YouTube following the adventures of Tsum Tsums in Disneyland. (Source: Disney Wikia) Second season of Washimo series.  Kumi is a little girl who lives in a world with sparkling metal skyscrapers, and where robots support everything. Kumi's playground is a garden by one of those skyscrapers with a man-made water fountain, artificial vegetation, and digital water and butterflies. Kumi meets an old man who visits the park every day to paint the artificial flowers. The old man tells Kumi of when he discovered a "breathing" tulip sprouting amidst the artificial flowers, and the two decide to watch over the tulip together as it grows. (Source: ANN) Project by Tezuka Productions announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. An educational program teaching children shapes, basic math, colors, and other subjects. Nakagawa owns 10 cats in real life, and she adores one in particular named Mamitasu, the anime's namesake. The anime depicts the slapstick comedy of the idiosyncratic 10 cats and the folks in the unusual "Nakagawa family." (Source: ANN) This movie is a Japanese-Korean co-production. Released in Korea under the name Gonyeoseog Masnagessda 2: Hamkkelaseo Haengboghae . Part 1, Cure Flora to Itazura Kagami , is a dialogue-less story featuring Cure Flora and a mischievous ghost in a mirror. Part 2, Pumpkin Oukoku no Takaramono , features the four Precure girls from Go! Princess Precure trying to rescue a princess who is held captive. Part 3, Precure to Refi no Wonder Night! , is set when the Night Kingdom lost its daytime. The Precure team fight to take the daytime back alongside the princess Refi. (Source: Crunchyroll, Edited)  An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch. Cook is one of Uwabaki (school shoes) for left foot and has a brother who happened to drop himself into a trash can. Cook then was thrown as well. In order to find his missing brother, he starts his adventure. Although Cook seems timid, his strong sense of justice makes him always want to help someone in trouble. Cook is sometimes lacks of confidence of himself when travelling alone. However, making friends with "things" such as books, glasses and chairs that he met in his journey makes him become stronger. (Source: YTV) New Tamagotchi! anime series. Back alley of candy shop which everybody has called it "Alley of ghosts". Gacharico the Ghost lives there, but it's a secret that only little Miku, from the family candy shop, knows. The content of the capsules appear to be ordinary toys, but inside Gacharico the Ghost, live an abundant of other ghosts, each with their own personality. Even today, the ghosts are using all their powers to try to inspire awe and feelings in the children around them. (Source: Official website) Funassyi, the popular pear-shaped mascot character of the Tokyo suburb Funabashi, will premiere its own series of television anime shorts on March 30. The Funassyi no Funafunafuna Hiyori (Funassyi's Aimless Days) shorts will run every weekyday within the morning variety program Sukkiri!! Besides Funassyi, the anime will feature the brand-new character Guressyi (voiced by Lynn) and Nashigami-sama (Naoki Tatsuta). (Source: ANN) The story begins in the future when Earth itself is no longer inhabitable by living creatures. Humans began their interstellar migration with space colonies. Vince and Hana work as researchers in the Cambrian Project. Together with the creature Pikaia, they seek the Lost Code, the key to restoring Earth, and aim to return to Cambrian-era Earth. (Source: ANN) Continuation of the Gon series. Follows a pig whose family's mission is to collect underpants.  A short series featuring the mythical Pokemon Hoopa. Gamba, a town mouse with a brave, adventurous spirit decides to go on an adventure to discover the ocean. On his way, he meets a troubled child mouse, Chuta. He says his family and other mice have been killed by a clan of weasels living on a nearby island. Chuta asks a group of ship mice, the bravest of their kind, for help, but when they find out that the villain behind this event is the terrifying weasel-leader Noroi, they give up on helping Chuta. However seeing the hopeless Chuta, Gamba promises him to save the island, his family and the other mice. Gamba and his friends team up to go on their adventure to defeat the evil Noroi and his clan. (Source: Varèse Sarabande) The Konica Minolta "Tenkuu" Planetarium in Tokyo Skytree Town will run a Chibi Maruko-chan planetarium show from July 18 to August 31. The show, titled " Planetarium Chibi Maruko-chan, Hoshi ni Negai wo " (Planetarium Chibi Maruko-chan, Wish Upon a Star), celebrates the 25th anniversary of the Chibi Maruko-chan anime since it first aired in January 1990. (Source: ANN) Third season of Washimo series. A young boy has adventures with his transforming car.  Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN) A commissioned anime by the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Jibanyan introduces the attractions of the four main islands of Hawaii. The short features new Hawaiian versions of youkai. The famous locales in Hawaii featured include Kauai's Waimea Canyon, Oahu's Diamond Head, Maui's Waikiki Beach, and Hawaii's Haleakalā National Park. The youkai and kids try local cuisine and shopping. (Source: ANN) An anime short for the Pokemon XY series. It is available in Japan along with the purchasing of a ticket for Hoopa and the Clash of Ages movie, which this short ties into. (Source: Bulbapedia)  In the story, a mysterious giant tank rocket begins stealing resources from various planets. On Earth, Yuuna and Boogoo get involved in the incident and disappear. In order to save Yuuna, Stitch teams up with Tiira. Yuu Aoi will guest star in the special as Tiira, an information analysis robot from the Galactic Federation. (Source: ANN) Second season of Dayan the Cat. The titular character and his friends energetically explore Japan. (Source: LiveChart) The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The small story is about a boy that doesn't want to eat his tomatoes. Later he finds that his head has been replaced with one!  Follows a dog and his friends who wear balloons and explore a kingdom in the clouds. A special of the Ojarumaru series. Japan has 47 prefectures and each one has a guardian spirit called a Dochamon. Dochamon Junior follows guardian spirits in training to one day take over the jobs of their elders. But these juniors have a lot of growing up to do before they graduate! A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN) Gudetama the lazy egg is being interviewed for Hot Topic's Hot Minute series. The second half of the special will look back at the series so far and provide a complete explanation of "all the mysteries" in the show. It will also preview what will happen in the future of the series. A short video illustrating different stretching postures and movements for skeletal-muscular screening purposes. The Snack World follows a ragtag group of friends who embark on an adventure together. They live in a land similar to traditional fantasy settings but with certain modern twists like cell phones and convenience stores. Keshikasu-kun is an anthropomorphism anime about stationery. The main character is the eraser Keshikasu who aims to be an idol of the stationary world. He fights against other stationary and erases a mechanical pencil or gets crushed by a permanent marker. Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
