Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azali. Unable to control the sword's power, Azali was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azali found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azali and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azali to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself Orphen, leaving the Tower and his magical studies behind to wander the world... (Source: ANN) In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war. (Source: ANN) The year is 2023 and Alien Beings known as "Lucifer Hawks" have begun invading earth from another dimension. All that stands between them and the enslavement of the human race is the Attacked Mystification Police Department - a special division of the Tokyo Police staffed by women with amazing paranormal abilities. (Source: ANN) Formerly the kingdom's foundations, now the Efficus Manjuu makes the pocket money of its three princesses and they must step in on its defense... (Source: AniDB) Miura Kyoji, a dedicated kendo student, discovers that his shisho (master) Tate Masanari is a reincarnated Incan warrior named Yawaru who wishes to destroy the world to purify it. Kyoji himself is the warrior Bilka, who foiled Yawaru's plans in their previous lives. Yawaru gathers other awakened spirits to release the powers of nature. Now Koyji must wrestle with his own fate and decide if he is merely a vessel for the reincarnated soul or if he is truly Miura Kyoji and which will be better able to save the world and the future as he knows it. (Source: ANN) Many years have passed since that shining example of knightly virtue, Takeru, performed his heroic deeds. Now it falls to his son, Kakeru, to save the kingdom from encroaching evil. The forces of Lucifon, ruler of the eastern realm of Reimling are on the march, preceded by a black mist that turns everyone it touches to stone. Led by the mysterious Eto, Kakeru and his (mostly female and scantily clad) friends must take the fight into the very heart of Lucifon's empire or become statues for his garden. (Source: AniDB) Five years after the death of the Emperor of Marmo in the War of Heroes, Parn is now the Free Knight of Lodoss, he and his old allies now famous through the land. However, the Emperor's right-hand man, Ashram, seeks the scepter of domination to re-unify Lodoss under his former leader's banner. Meanwhile, beyond his attempts at conquest lies a more sinister force beginning to set the stage for the resurrection of the goddess of death and destruction... (Source: ANN) Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Licca is in grave danger once she finds out that she is the princess of the Doll Kingdom. Now, the evil Dr. Scarecrow is after her and her throne. So Licca's grandmother gives her a set of dolls. When needed, the dolls will transform into larger versions known as the Doll Knights. Together, they will protect Licca. (Source: AnimeNfo) A large collection consisting of the adventures of the Goddesses featured in the anime and manga series Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat. A dispute between young band members and an unfortunate choice of melody inadverdently draws them all into the demonic horror known as  the desert-god Gandalla. Our story is set in another world, parallel to ours. We meet Pastel, an orphan girl, 18 years old, who lives with a group of adventurers in a small house. Pastel works as a writer and also a "mapper", charting towns, the countryside, rivers and mountains with sketches and illustrations. She is highly respected by her friends as her intelligence and honesty are extraordinary. Living in the house with Pastel, we meet Clay, a young swordsman; Trapp, the son of a bandit chieftain; Kitton, literally a working dictionary and a descendant of the Family Kittons; Knoll, a big guy a with tender heart; Whitey, a baby dragon; and Rumy, an infant sorcerer of the tribe "Elf." Together this odd group become involved in many mysterious adventures from treasure hunting, to searching for a missing person, to challenging a riddle, to many more unexpected quests. (Source: Enoki Films USA) In the Kagami household, the old Western palm-sized mirror has been passed from from generations to generations. Akko-chan has been taught about the importance of the mirror and when she finally receives it from her mother, she cherishes it with all her might. One day, in the midst of a disturbance made by Taishou and his gang, Akko-chan accidentally broke the mirror. She made a grave and buried the broken pieces in the backyard. That night, Akko-chan was awakened by a flash of light and a kind voice which belongs to the Queen of the Mirror Kingdom. The Queen expresses her gratitude to Akko-chan for valuing the mirror so much and offers her a gift—a magical compact mirror. Whenever Akko-chan sings the magical words, she will transform into anything she wants. (Source: ANN) Miho Shinohara is a care-free third-grader and an aspiring manga artist. One day, she encounters Mogu and Pigu - two lost fairies disguised as stuffed animals. In exchange for staying at her home until they find a way to return to their own world, the fairies give Miho a special sketch pad and pencil that enable her to magical create real objects from what she draws. With the pen, Miho can also transform into Lala, a beautiful teenage girl created from her manga art. As Lala, she is discovered by a talent agency, and so begins her adventures from an ordinary school girl to a model to an idol singer. (Source: ANN) Tasuke Shichiri is the envy of his friends because since his parents are always traveling he can do as he pleases. It's a surprise present from his father that keeps him from being lonely: an odd ring known as the shitenrin. From it comes a moon goddess named Shaorin, dedicated to protecting her "master" -- no matter how much of a mess she makes doing it! In the land of Kuruda, warriors with magical powers and incredible fighting skills battle for the ultimate prize: the title of Sevaar, the strongest warrior in the land. Elle Ragu, nicknamed Shadow Skill, is the newest Sevaar to emerge, but that doesn't make her life any easier. Teaching her "little brother," Gau, how to be a warrior, fending off assassins from other kingdoms and thwarting enemy invasions is hard enough, but her biggest challenge will be paying off her drinking debts. (Source: ANN) In a small town, there is a small pharmacy called Fun Fun Parmacy. Popuri, a girl who recently moved in downtown, discovers this pharmacy and meets Miss Fukiko, who is actually a witch. Miss Fukiko gives Popuri a mysterious bottle that can create magic spirits. Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent are enjoying a meal in a villiage when the residents suddenly retreat indoors and two armies - one of men and one of a young girl and a tribe of dragons. Although the ruler of the town originally tries to convince Lina that this is because of a dark legacy, in truth the dragon army is led by his daughter and their battles are over her allowance. Lina agrees to help the ruler while Naga joins his daughter, Marlene. (Source: ANN) A summary of each season of the Sailor Moon franchise, narrated by various Sailor Moon characters. Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live. Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head. (Source: ANN) A fun day at the amusement park is interrupted when the evil witch Dana is reawakened. Queen Yae has sent her after Rika and only the Doll Knights can stop this threat. Meanwhile, Dai and the others must deal with other dangers. (Source: ANN) Thousands of years ago, it was a time of witchcraft and dark magic. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of the mighty dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles, and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The human world is on the verge of utter destruction. A bold mission is planned by the Confederation of the Immortal Masters. They send a young master wizard to hunt down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands. (Source: ANN) Yui is an average schoolgirl who lives in a future where all computers are supported by a single global network known as COMNET. Yui is a computer-illiterate girl who after a computer-lab accident is approached by IR, a raccoon looking corrector computer program, which tells her she must save COMNET. She must stop the rogue A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) computer program known as Grosser and his hench-programs from taking over the world. Grosser was originally designed to be that manager of all of COMNET. At first she's very reluctant to play the heroine because of her complete lack of knowledge and ability with computers. To save COMNET she must find and gain the trust of the other seven wayward corrector programs. They must also find the creator or COMNET Professor Inukai, to help stop Grosser for good. (Source: ANN) A normal looking high school girl on the outside, Kusakabe Maron is actually the reincarnation of Jeanne d' Arc. With the help of the angel, Fin Fish, Maron works as the thief Jeanne at night to seal the demons that reside in pieces of artwork, preying upon the weak hearts of the owners. She is branded as a thief due to the fact that the artworks disappear after she seals the demons. One day, a new neighbor and classmate appears, as well as a rival in her night job, the thief Sinbad. With her own best friend being the detective's daughter, out to capture her and the appearance of her new rival, Maron's work is anything but easy. The legend has survived for generation. The Words Worth tablet, which will unlock the secrets of the Universe for the one who can decipher it, has been shattered. The warring tribes of Light and Shadow blame each other, and their accusations lead to all out war! Astral, the undisciplined heir to the throne of the Shadow Forces, lusts for his bride-to-be, Sharon. But Sharon, an accomplished warrior herself, feels her body drawn toward Caesar, the Shadow Tribe`s bravest swordsman. Sharon battles alongside Caesar during an assault by the Light Forces, and her ferocious beauty captivates Sir Fabris, the leader of the Tribe of Light. Fabris` army loses the battle, but he vows that he will one day get Sharon into his bed, the hard way, if necessary. Meanwhile, Astral takes his sexual frustrations out on Maria, a Light Tribe sorceress who has been taken captive. As Astral penetrates Maria, Sir Fabris prepares to launch a penetration of his own: a full-scale attack on the Tribe of Shadow! (Source: AnimeNfo) It all starts when Gokudou steals a pouch from a fortuneteller, thinking that it contains a gem. Instead, it turns out to be a rock, from which emerges Djinn. The genie grants Gokudou the standard three wishes, but our anti-hero doesn't think heavily about his wishes. Gokudou does get his wishes, though not exactly in the fashion that he expected. The best thing he gets out of his wishes is Honou no Maken, a magical sword that enables its owner to do fire attacks and it can be summoned from anywhere in the world. Even with an enchanted sword, Gokudou doesn't get much respect. He gets turned into a woman by Djinn, who is also a shapeshifter. He is followed by Rubette La Late, a potential love interest who is more interested in adventure, karaoke and outperforming Gokudou. He gets whapped on the head a lot, especially by the fortuneteller who reappears throughout the series just to plague Gokudou it seems. Later in the series, he gets another sidekick, a former evil magician named Prince, who is more handsome and a better womanizer than Gokudou. (Source: AnimeNfo) Doris Ruridou is young princess who had just entered Teito Academy. She is also a Panzer, a person with special abilities and fights with a weapon called a "tool". Shortly after entering, her older sister shows up to teach her how to fight as a Panzer against other Panzers who challenge her. (Source: ANN) This anime is based on a playstation game under the same title. The story is about four people who travel the desolated land of Filgaea and carve themselves a legendary story while they're at it. These adventurers are Sheyenne Rainstorm, a gunslinger who holds the legendary weapon called ARMs; Kiel Aromax, a scientist who looks like he should be carrying a sword; Roleta Oratorio the Crest Sorceress, a magic-user who uses cards called Crests to cast spells; and Mirabelle Graceland, one of the Noble Red, which are a family of vampiric creatures who live alongside human beings They also travel with cute little intelligent furry things, from the Popepi Pipepo Tribe, named Isaac and Jerusha. (Source: AniDB) Harukaze Doremi considers herself to be the unluckiest girl in the world. Her parents are always fighting, her little sister makes fun of her, and her crush pines after another girl. If only Doremi could just wave a magic wand, she would have a much better life—or so she used to think. After a mishap with a real witch, Doremi becomes an apprentice witch herself, and it turns out she's pretty horrible at that, too. Now she and her two friends must study to become better at magic so they can become good witches. That is, if they can focus on their magic studies! The three apprentices will need all the luck they can get if they want to pass the witch exams and become full-fledged witches. Only then will Doremi's debt to the witch Majorika will be repaid. Until then, Doremi will remain a useless little witch girl! It's winter vacation and Sakura wins a trip to Hong Kong. Kero, skeptic of her luck in lotteries, questions whether she was merely lucky or was she summoned to Hong Kong upon inevitability. As Sakura strolls through Hong Kong's Bird Street, she senses an evil force calling to her. On chasing two strange birds, she is lead to a phantom world where she learns she was actually made to come to Hong Kong by a woman, Madoushi, who apparently wants revenge on Clow Reed. With Syaoran's mother, Yelan's help and the guidance from Clow Reed's voice, she must fight Madoushi and rescue her friends and loved ones, who have been captured. The aliens have been defeated, and the Bell has been transformed into a gigantic cherry tree. Now, the brave Magic User's Club must reconvene to deal with a new problem. Apparently, some inconsiderate persons left a skyscraper sized cherry tree in the middle of Tokyo, and it's become a major inconvenience to everyone in the city. Even though they have no idea who could have done such a thing, the Club feels strangely responsible and springs into action. Meanwhile, a mysterious person is spying on the magic club in the form of a small boy. (Source: ANN) Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head. (Source: ANN) The sorceress Kuri uses her magic to defend herself from perverted monsters and demons, but her partner, Rima, would much rather do perverted things than defend herself. When the two save a woman from a gang rape, they catch the eye of an evil Sex Queen and her dog-demons. When the sex demons release the passions of Kuri and Rima, even the duo`s formidable powers will be useless. Don`t miss it as all four girls redefine the meaning of Doggie Style! (Source: AniDB) Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is a tale of swords and sorcery as the young warrior-woman Tia Allbright and her hapless assistant, Luke, battle demon assassins in a fantasy land. Tia arrives on the island of Marcleida with her trusted sword 'Grandeek,' which holds a spirit within that helps her on her quests. She is soon turned away however. Determined to get on the island, Tia searches for a way past the fences that guard the entrance, as another stranger arrives on the island to take on a mysterious job. Someone has been killing the inhabitants of the island and has the ability to appear and disappear at will. Seems the sword 'Aihorn' has been stolen and the spirit that resides within it seeks vengenance on those who killed its master 50 years before. As Tia makes her way inside the island, it becomes clear that both she, and the stranger, are after the sword Aihorn, hoping to bring to an end its bloody goal. But the sword has the ability to possess the person who wields it - putting Tia and the stranger at a great disadvantage. Based on the manga by Kohime Ohse, Tia and Grandeek will have to face their most difficult challenge yet... (Source: AnimeNfo) When Musashi returns to his childhood home, he rekindles friendships with four beautiful young women from his youth that he'd totally forgotten about. Hidden desires give way to supernatural secrets, though, as Musashi discovers that the village he remembers hides a terrible secret that he never even imagined. Can love really conquer all? (Source: AniDB) Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Angelique... ...started as a dating simulation game for girls back in 1994 on the Super Famicom. The player took on the role of Angelique Limoges, an ordinary schoolgirl summoned to the Sanctuary of the Queen of the Cosmos. She had been chosen to compete in a contest to determine the next Queen. Angelique was clumsy and foolish in comparison to her rival, Rosalia de Cartagena, a refined girl who had been training since birth to compete in the Queen Examination. What was this Examination, anyway? The girls had to use the powers, or Sacrea, of the Queen's nine Guardians to cultivate a barren continent. The girl whose population reached the center island connecting the two continents would become the next Queen. But with the nine handsome Guardians around, it was hard to decide between power or love... Made up of 4 OVAs, each of which has multiple parts. (Source: Neo-Romance) One day Pop was out scavenging with Hana, and found a beautiful rose inside the Queen's garden. Curious, she picked the rose and brought it home. Unwittingly, that rose can cause all wishes to become true, whether good or bad. Good wishes will turn the rose white and bloom, while bad wishes will turn the rose black and wither. After a heated argument with her sister Doremi, Pop wishes that Doremi loses all her magic and be turned into a mouse. Hilarity ensues, as Doremi and the others try to put everything back to normal. (Source: ANN) For centuries, a god named Celestin has been imprisoned on the moon for betraying the kingdom of Yggdrasil. Released by the fairy Morgan Le Fey, Celestin travels to Earth to reunite with his former pupil, the goddess Belldandy. Things go awry as Celestin erases Belldandy's memories of her boyfriend Keiichi and uses her as a catalyst to wreak havoc on Earth and Yggdrasil. A magical creature went to the normal world to retrive some seeds. He lost his power and fainted. A girl found him and took him home. Well, this creature became a man after gaining back his power, which surprised the girl some. An incident happened and she became a magical fighter with his kiss. Things start to get complicated as they try to get the seeds and with most people not being what they seem. (Source: AniDB) Join the new legend of Guru Guru, where Nike, the reluctant hero, and Kukuri, the innocent heroine, return to save the world. The magical adventure that unfolds, with its unique monsters and eccentric characters, is sure to draw you into this curious and exciting realm. To save the world from evil King Giri, Kukuri must locate the monsters in each territory and win them, one by one, over to her side. Meanwhile Nike`s task is to be recognized by the Four Kings of Nature and collect their swords. These swords are known as the "Sword of Wind", the "Sword of Water", the "Sword of Earth" and the "Sword of Fire". Can Nike and Kukuri truly become hero and heroine? Follow their journey and find out! (Source: AniDB) At the end of the first season, Doremi and her friends all had to give up their witch powers and be normal girls again. This also meant that they couldn't see Majorika, Lala, and the fairies again. The MAHO-Dou was also deserted and the door to the Majokai was locked. The Queen, having seen all this through her crystal ball, secretly makes it so that Doremi and co. all end up heading into the Majokai again, with the excuse to return Majorika's hair dryer. However they end up stumbling into a garden, and one of the roses reveals a baby! The Queen tells the girls that they must raise the baby for a whole year. To help them, they receive newer and stronger witch powers than before! The adventure isn't over yet! During the summer holidays, Sakura and her class are preparing to present a play at the annual Nadeshiko Festival. The unexpected arrival of Syaoran (and Meiling) give Sakura the courage to finally reciprocate her feelings. But as the cards begin to disappear one by one, Sakura discovers a single cards still remains. One with power equal to all hers... It is during this summer that Sakura faces her final battle. A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Children franchise. Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality. While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix. Even after death, life is full of paperwork and criminals. Tsuzuki Asato is a 26 year old, happy-go-lucky, and dorky shinigami (god of death) whose job is to makes sure that those who are dead remain dead and stay in their proper realms. Even though he's had this job for over 70 years, he is in the worst division with horrible pay. He also has a knack for not keeping partners (since shinigami work in pairs), but now he seems to have one that will stick around; stubborn, smart-mouthed, serious and defensive 16 year old, Kurosaki Hisoka. With each case they investigate, they come closer to the conspiracies of the serial killer Dr. Muraki Kazutaka. Tsuzuki's relationship with Hisoka is growing stronger and closer...but there is a dark past to how Tsuzuki died that will not give him peace. (Source: ANN) In the peaceful life of modern Japan, Shaorin and Tasuke explore their relationship amid familiar interventions and new challenges. Shaorin begins to discover why she chose to stay with Tasuke, and Tasuke begins to learn the depth of his love toward Shaorin. (Source: ANN) A sixteen-year-old girl is struggling to adjust to a new step-family when seven guys appear on the scene revealing that she possesses a special magical power. Shying away from the strange group, she later joins them when a monster places her friend's life in jeopardy. Without training, she must prove herself capable to take up the sacred duty of the Pretear. They must resolve their differences and work together to defeat the evil princess intent on destruction. (Source: FUNimation) Confined in the castle tower by her father, princess Arete spends her days watching the world outside her window. Sometimes she seeks out to watch the common people at work. The knights of the kingdom compete for the right to marry her and rule the land by competing to see who can find powerful magic objects made by a long dead race of sorcerers. Arete wants none of this. She longs to meet the common people and travel to exotic lands she has only seen in the books she keeps hidden under her bed. One day the sorcerer Boax arrives in a fantastic flying machine and offers to take Arete as his wife and transform her into a proper princess. (Source: ANN) Louie, a brawny student at the mage's guild, is reluctantly accepted by three girls (Merrill-thief, Genie-fighter, and Melissa-priestess) as a companion for their adventuring party. As the foursome explore ruins, battle dark creatures, and make new friends, they also uncover a sinister plot within the kingdom. (Source: ANN) His destiny has finally arrived as the young Shirou Kamui returns to Tokyo after 6 years. A powerful psychic, Kamui vows to protect the happiness of his childhood friends Fuuma and Kotori, even if it means avoiding them. But fate is cruel, whether or not Kamui wants to be involved; he holds the future of the world in his hands, given the choice of becoming a Dragon of Heaven or a Dragon of Earth. The Seven Seals gather, and so do the Seven Angels; all individuals who have their destiny carved out as one who would battle for the fate of the world. What future will Kamui choose to become reality? This story takes place during the Heian Period of Japan`s history, when evil spirits still resided in the forests, mountains and rivers. A girl, accompanied by her loved one, battles against these evil spirits, while she is disguised as man. This brave woman, aka "Kaidomaru", with a Chinese character "Flame" tatooed on her upper arm, was one of the "Four Devas". Kaidomaru fights for the honor of her lost love, Raikou Minamotono, who had sacrified his life in order to protect the capital Kyoto, from the evils deeds of a "princess" cursed by a malicious ogre. The princess, whom Kaidomaru used to play with as a child, has now become her ultimate enemy. (Source: Production I.G.) Comet (12 years old in human years) is the princess of the Harmonica Star country and was to meet the prince of the Tambourine Star country at a ball where he'd pick a bride. But he isn't there and so Comet is sent to Earth to find him. He'll be known by the starlight in his eyes. She finds the Earth and she loves the people she meets there. Meanwhile, Princess Meteor of the Castanet Star country also arrives on Earth in search of the prince. Comet's companion is a little puppy with a star at the end of his tail named Rubba Ball. Of course, Comet was not the first to visit the Earth and love it, another before her did as well and married. Her pet (a white cat with bunny ears and a tiny heart on her tail named Bunny) continued life as a kind of fairy in the forest. Comet's power is drawn from the stars of her home and is channeled through her baton; she also wears a special pendant from where Rubba Ball immerges, and with which she can detect and find the prince. (Source: ANN) Yomiko Readman is a lovable, near-sighted bibliomaniac working as a substitute teacher at a Japanese high school. Her real identity, however, is that of a secret agent for the British Library Special Operations Division. Her codename: "The Paper." The moniker denotes her supernatural ability to freely manipulate paper into any object she can imagine, including tools and weapons in her fight against the powerful and self-serving IJIN (Great Historical Figure) Army! Along with her partner, the enigmatic "Ms. Deep," Yomiko travels across the world in attempt to solve the mystery behind the reincarnation of historical figures and their attempt to control the world. (Source: RightStuf) Kanzaki Meirin, a junior high school student, posseses fusui power which can drive away evil spirits away whenever they appeared. She is in fact, the fortune teller Dr. Rin. She is in love with her best friend, soccer club member, Yuuki Asuka. However, Yuuki does not like fortune-telling and superstitious things. (Source: ANN) Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out! This is the online version of Mahou Yugi... (Source: AniDB) Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out! (Source: AniDB) Musashi had come back to his village again. He had lost his memory about the four princesses who had been his childhood friends, and also forgot that he had sexual intercourse with them. Though he lost his memory, the village and his grand mother's house made him regain familiarity. He was welcomed at his grandmother's home, and met a girl named Tamamo. She said she was his childhood friend, but he couldn't recall her at all. At night, he was lured by a strange smell, and did things with Tamamo. However it was the beginning of the plot of a person who wanted to get revenge on the village leader using Musashi. (Source: AnimeNfo) A brief introduction to the events that take place in the first Generation of Chaos RPG. First, Chiffon is a famous monster trainer who has lost his ability to control monsters. On the way to return his Hiyokomushi, a large, slow monster, to its birthplace, it goes out of control, and Chiffon needs help in stopping it. In the second part, Roze, a half-demon, comes face to face with the possibility of losing her precious sister at the hands of those who are afraid of her. (Source: ANN) Mo~tto Ojamajo Doremi movie features the five witches Doremi, Aiko, Hazuki, Onpu, and Momoko as they visit Doremi's grandpa's home. There, they learn of the mystery of the frog stone, a magical place where magic used to mingle in the old countryside. Aiko rediscovers her love for grandpa, and Doremi learns a piece of the magical kingdom's past. (Source: ANN) After the losing of magical ability to become witches, they once again become them. But, now they have to go through tests from the Witches of the Witch World. They also meet a new member, from New York, U.S. comes Momoko (the yellow Ojamajo). (Source: ANN) Poemi Watanabe (a.k.a. Kobayashi) is a 10-year-old girl with aspirations of being a famous voice actress. Unfortunately, her school grades are bad and her voice acting is even worse. But when a mysterious alien kills her parents and wreaks havoc all over Tokyo, Poemi grabs a talking fish, skins it into a wand and becomes the magical girl Puni Puni Poemi to save the day. (Source: ANN) Goro's down on his luck. He keeps losing jobs and has little money. One day he meets a fortune-teller outside of a pet store who predicts that his luck will change. That night three girls appear in his appartment claiming to be his guardian angels. Soon a total of twelve girls appear to help him, each one a reincarnation of a deceased pet once owned by Goro. (Source: ANN) With the ability to transcend time, Captain Fatz and comrades embarked on a journey of battle and adventure to gather the eight scattered stone pieces (namely Light, Darkness, Fire, Water, Air, Earth, Wood & Metal) which was granulated by the lord of destruction, in order to restore the chaotic world back to peace. Juna was just an ordinary high-school girl, right up until the day she died in a motorcycle accident. But there, in the twilight of death, she saw the future of the barren earth destroyed by the Raaja, and was offered a second chance at life if she would stop them. Now she must learn to cast aside her thoughtlessly destructive ways and face her destiny as the Avatar of Time, the one being who can decide the fate of the planet. (Source: ANN) Lina and Gourry travel to a seaside town named Acassi, where octopus tentacle is a delicacy. However, the octopus meat carries a curse that dooms the eater to only speak Takogo (octopus language). Amelia, Zelgadiss, and Xelloss all show up, and the main four characters (Lina, Gourry, Ameria, Zelgadiss) get cursed. The octopi enlist the power of a mazoku to get rid of the humans once and for all. The white sorceress Ruma must learn the cure to the curse from her long-lost master in order to save the town. (Source: ANN) Taruto is a little cat who has just moved to a new city with her master's family. Taruto spends her days making friends and exploring her new home town. She also has a knack for getting herself into trouble. And it turns out that Taruto just might be a legendary magical princess. Almost none of Taruto’s friends believe that she can use magic or that she’s a princess, but Taruto is determined to prove it to them. But Taruto's magic is so unpredictable, you never know what's going to happen when she uses it. (Source: ANN) Mikami Inaba was fighting a person from another school on her school's rooftop. As they fought, her friend Haru appeared. Seeing Mikami distracted, the man charged at her, causing both of them to break the nearby rabbit cages & fall off the roof. As Mikami fell, she desperately grabbed the rabbit. Suddenly, a flash or pink light appeared. Mikami fused with the rabbit, and gained another personality, called Mimika. Now, Mikami only appears when various people threaten her and her friends. Otherwise, she takes on the form of Mimika. (Source: ANN) UFO Princess Warukyure, aka UFO Princess Walkyrie is about a princess from outer space who accidentally crashes on earth, where Kazuto desperately tries to maintain the public bath of his grandfather. Due to circumstances, Kazuto receives part of princess Walkyrie's soul which forces her to stay there with him. But that's not the only problem ... because her soul lost strength, the princess transforms both mentally and physically into a little kid! (Source: AniDB) Nakajima Youko is your average somewhat timid high school student. One day, a strange man named Keiki appears before her, swearing allegiance. Before she could properly register what was happening, demon-like creatures attack Youko and her friends, after which they are pulled into a different world. A world unlike what she has ever known. Separated from Keiki, Youko and her friends must do whatever they can if they wish to survive in this new world. Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy. One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede. Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same... (Source: mirmo-zibang) Ayu is one of the coolest students at her school. She is smart, studious, sporty and has just the right amount of untouchable quality to make her a friend of everybody. Her male counterpart is Kaji-kun: warm, happy, friendly and a member of the baseball club. No wonder Ayu`s got a crush on him! One day, Ayu sees a new student, Nina, crying and looking for something. After Ayu helps her find it, Nina decides to show her gratitude in the best way she knows, magic! Nina turns out to be a student from the Magic Kingdom and is currently "studying aboard" in Ayu`s school! (Source: AniDB) Megumi-chan is a girl with a secret past. She used to be a boy until she met a person she thought was a magic user. This person gave him/her a magical book from which a genie appears to grant one wish when blood is applied to it. Megumi made the wish to be a man in a man's body but the genie has a twist: he grants wishes backwards so he turns Megumi-kun aged 9 to Megumi-chan. Years pass and Megumi enters High School where she immediately beats up the school bully who of course falls in love with her. She is looking for that book again to be able to reverse the spell placed upon her. (Source: ANN) Nana slacks off from studying by going to the shrine on New Year's day. Panic ensues when Nana discovers that the rest of the Nanas all show up at the same shrine. But things turn to worse when they find out that their New Year's money gets lost in the crowd. It didn't help their cause when they tried an inventive way to make more money. Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities. (Source: ANN) Princess Tutu recaps. Petite Princess Yucie follows the adventures of country-girl Yucie as she is admitted by chance to the prestigious Princess Academy, where the daughters of royalty and nobles attend to learn magic, dance, etiquette, defense, art and music. There, she experiences many things in her quest to collect the "fragments" of the Eternal Tiara in hopes that she may become the legendary Platinum Princess, who is chosen every 1,000 years. Yucie, along with the four other Princess candidates who are initially her rivals but are won over by her offer of friendship, must grow in heart--if not in height--to become worthy of the Tiara. Yucie is a spunky heroine who is a genius of smiles, and who, despite her common lifestyle, is actually the daughter of a noble and former hero who has retreated from courtly life and lives in the countryside. (Source: Wikipedia) Hana now becomes a peer of the Ojamajo. When Majotourbillon's spirit revives, the witches now have to break her curse. From the help from Pao-chan, Doremi, Hana, and the other witches are able to defeat the curses. (Source: ANN) Based on a Playstation 2 game by the same title, Varanoir's story takes place in a Magic University called.. well Varanoir. Students in this university are trained here for war preparation against the devil master. The main characters of the story is Myu, a granddaughter of Jii. Jii was a great swordsman in the past and he taught various sword fighting skills to Myu, although he's working as a chimney cleaner right now in Varanoir. Myu then decides to go to Varanoir for training to become a fighter. In Varanoir, Myu meets Ryuto, a talented student. However, Ryuto always sees Myu as her rival. (Source: AnimeNfo) A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei Devil Children: Light & Dark games (known as DemiKids in the U.S.). The year is 200X. Jin, Akira and Lena are three child hood friends who like mysterious things. One day in the library, along with the mysterious transfer student Ami, they find the "Akuma Compendium". They chanted an incantation in the book and, to their surprise, devils appeared. Ami then told Jin and Akira that they are the Devil Children that will decide the fate of the world. She hands them their Devil Risers. The group then pass through the "Door of Time" to the land of Valhalla where they fight an evil ruler known as Imperius who plans on conquering all of the world. The Nakama of Jin is Rand, a Sol Lion, and Akira's is Gale, a Hylon. (Source: Wikipedia.org) A young wavemaster, only known by the alias of Tsukasa, wakes up in an MMORPG called The World, with slight amnesia. He does not know what he has previously done before he woke up. In The World, he is suspected to be a hacker of the Crimson Knights, as he was seen accompanying a tweaked character in the form of a cat. Unable to log out from the game, he wanders around looking for answers, avoiding the knights and other players he meets along the way. As Tsukasa explores The World, he stumbles upon a magical item that takes the form of a "guardian," which promises him protection from all harm. Subaru, the leader of the Crimson Knights, along with several other players who became acquainted with Tsukasa, set out to investigate why Tsukasa is unable to log out, and attempt to get to the bottom of the problem before it gets out of hand. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Ungrar, the King of Viruses, has escaped from his prison cell in Vaccine World. Maya, the Goddess of Vaccine World sends Mugimaru down to Earth to find a human to accept the powers of Vaccine World and become the Magical Nurse. He finds the best (and the only willing) person for the job when he meets Komugi Nakahara. Komugi is a playful, lazy, and easily distracted (typical) teenager whose dream is to become a cosplay idol. Balancing her career with the Kiri-Pro Promotion Company and her new job battling Ungrar's loyal henchman, the Magical Maid Koyori, Komugi delights audiences in this parody anime series. (Source: ANN) Nana Suzuki winds up being split into seven copies of herself. Besides the original Nana, there's also a smart Nana, a happy Nana, an angry Nana, a sensitive Nana, a sad Nana, and a slow Nana. (Source: ANN) Episodes 5.5 and 13. The story of Tokyo Mew Mew begins when the main protagonist, Ichigo Momomiya, attends an endangered species exhibit with her crush (and hopefully future boyfriend) Masaya Aoyama. Their peaceful day takes a turn towards drastic when an earthquake strikes and Ichigo, as well as four other girls, are enveloped in a mysterious light. The next day, Ichigo begins to behave like a cat and learns from two scientists that her DNA has been combined with that of an iriomote cat as part of Project μ, which aims to protect the world from alien invaders! Aliens have come to reclaim Earth in the name of their ancestors who inhabited the planet three million years ago. To get rid of the humans now inhabiting the planet, the aliens have released parasites that infect animals and turn them into monsters. With the DNA of the iriomote cat now inside her, Ichigo can transform into Mew Ichigo and use her powers to fight off the invaders. Ichigo will not have to fight alone, as the four other Mew Mews take to the stage and join in the battle to protect Earth. Witches are individuals with special powers like ESP, telekinesis, mind control, etc. (not the typical hogwart and newt potions). Robin, a 15-year-old craft user, arrives from Italy to Japan to work for an organization named STN Japan Division (STN-J) as a replacement for one of STN-J's witch hunters who was recently killed. Unlike other divisions of STN, STN-J tries to capture the witches alive in order to learn why and how they became witches in the first place. (Source: ANN) In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mao Onigawara is a happy 8-year-old grade-schooler and the granddaughter of Chief of Staff of Ground Defense Force. Equipped with her cloverleaf-shaped badge which enables her to transform (but gives her no special power whatsoever), Mao and her best friends (granddaughters of Chief of Staff of Air and Marine Defense Force, respectively) will defend Japan against the invasion from "cute aliens," who are way too cute to be dealt with regular armed forces. (Source: ANN) When Saga—now 15 years old—arrives at her home after a day of errands, her grandmother Regina discovers an old dress in the attic. At this point, Saga recalls the time her elementary class participated in a play titled "Princess and Fairy." She volunteered to play the role of the Princess while her rival Greta played the evil witch. The production of the school play reminded Sugar and the other fairies of the time "The Bear Pianist" played in the town not too long ago. The seal which was imprisoning the fallen angels, Kirin no Yuda and Houou no Ruka, is broken and the two decide to get revenge on the God who had cast them to Hell by getting rid of the Heavens that had once been their home. Soon the guardian angels on Earth begin disappearing, and no one in Heaven can explain the happenings. But there is a sense of a vengeful animal spirit at work, and so the four Saint Beasts are called upon to investigate. The 4 Gods of Beasts attempt to rescue the guardian angels, as well as to find out what this evil animal spirit is... (Source: Wikipedia) A virtual multiplayer online role-playing game exists, known as "The World." In "The World," there is an event held in the Dungeon of Nankoflank that Mimiru, a character in the game, undertakes with Bear, another character of the game. Mimiru confesses to Bear that she's not doing the event for the treasures or experiences, but for the memories and experiences of when she had first started playing. The two later meet a certain character named Mimika and together, the three proceed through quests and events as Mimiru learns the meaning of the game. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Akuto, the main source of energy is running low and the Heavens, a world of islands, hidden beyond time, floating above ours, has united against the Magical Kingdom whom uses the most energy. To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the lower world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world. (Source: ANN) Ruby is an Aurora Girl who makes northern lights together with her kind. She is banished from Aurora no kuni (Aurora Land) because of her selfishness and horrible behaviour, and she is told to find a stone called Aurora no Shizuku that can grant three wishes. That way she will be forgiven. Ruby meets Anpanman and lies to him that she needs the stone to rescue her land. But when Baikinman is also interested in getting the three wishes, Ruby is torn between the choice of helping her new friends or being able to return to Aurora no kuni. (Source: ANN) Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor. A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Somewhere in the MMORPG called "The World," a group is gathered at a pub, awaiting the start of an event. There, old friends and acquaintances are reunited, including those who rarely log on. Some are even forging new relationships for the first time. Together, invited by the hacker Helba, the group leaves for the event in the Net Slums where a celebration awaits them all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Yorang, a fox who lives in heaven and has important responsibilities, would rather play tricks on others and seek fun all day. One day, heaven holds a festival for the completion of the "Book of Wishes," a prestigious work that can help remove the black fox's seal. During this festival, Yo-rang, who is very mischievous, throws away the valuable book. Heaven is threatened by the black fox's bad magic. Yo-rang, responsible for the debacle, searches for the book and meets a boy named "Kang-hyun," who loses his mother at an early age and moves to the Fox Village from Seoul, with his father. Kang-hyun and Yo-rang look for the book together. But the black fox tries to ruin their plan, and Kang-hyun and Yo-rang encounter all kinds of hardship. In the end, they develop a strong friendship. (Source: Arirang TV) Hideo Middle School eighth-grader Ayu Tateishi, as a member of the tennis club, is of course a cool girl who is popular among the girls in the school. Actually, she's an ordinary girl pretending to be cool, because Kaji-kun of the baseball team likes her. She is adored by the transfer student Nina Sakura. Nina actually has a huge secret?! Because she is a young witch who transferred from the magic kingdom. She's a real witch which a magic computer and a magical treasure box. But this magic always causes big problems!! Now back to the boys. Of course there's Tetsushi Kaji, the up-and-coming ace of the baseball team, who is very popular among the girls, and his best friend, the calm and quiet member of the tennis club, Hiroki Tsujiai, and many others. This story is a school love comedy set at Hideo Middle School, starring the cool beauty Ayu, the young witch Nina, the baseball team's Kaji-kun, and the tennis team's Tsujiai-kun. Also, there are original characters that Yoshizumi-sensei designed specifically for the anime, so please look forward to it! (Source: AnimeNfo) Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2 takes place 100 years after the original Harukanaru Toki no Naka de story. In the past that is, very little time has gone by in the future. Kyou, which resembles Kyoto in the Heian period, is in turmoil because of a power struggle going on between the emperor and the retired emperor, and the people of Kyou are falling into desperation, fearing the coming of the end of the world. Karin was walking with her friends when suddenly she is brought by the White Dragon to the land of Kyou. She was chosen as the new priestess of the White Dragon and she must fight against the evil with the help of her guardians while meantime, she keeps having visions of a mysterious man... In the world of Maburaho , everyone is born with the ability to use magic and are thus labeled magicians. However, the magical ability of each person is not equal. The number of times you can use magic determines the amount of respect you receive, and since one’s magical power is determined at birth by traits and genetics, those who have a bloodline stemming from famous magicians are highly sought after. Having the lowest magic count in Aoi Academy, Kazuki Shikimori is looked down upon by his classmates and seen as a nearly worthless magician. However, his bloodline consists of many great magicians throughout the ages, meaning that while he may not be a great magician, his offspring could be. This leads to him being sought after by three different young women: Yuna Miyama, a transfer student who declares herself his wife upon arrival, Rin Kamishiro, a prideful swordswoman of a traditional family who wants to kill him so she will be free to pursue her own desires, and Kuriko Kazetsubaki, a member of an influential family who bluntly tries to seduce him for his genes. Now he has to deal with not only the jealousy of all the guys in his school, but also various women chasing after him! Tsubomi is a savvy and horny school girl who works at a lingerie club, a gentlemen's bar where scantily clad young women serve drinks to the patrons. She is useless at her job but is blackmailing her boss so she won't get fired. One day she runs into a gorgeous young man who she takes to bed. She meets into a perverted talking cat with a butterfly on its forehead, who recruits her to be a magical soldier. She has to fight off a dominatrix elf woman called Beene, a minion of Regina Apis, a matriarch bent on chaos and forming her new Dynasty. Tsubomi is learning of her powers when she is rescued by an oddly familiar masked man, known only as Dandelion. The plot of this anime is completely farcical and parodies the magical girl genre and Sailor Moon in particular. (Source: ANN) Unaired pilot special of Mahou no Yousei Persia that was later included in the series DVD Collection Box Volume 2. Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. Yume Kikuchi, a girl who can use magic, goes to Tokyo to be an apprentice mage to the handsome Masami Oyamada (a professional mage). In Tokyo, Yume learns about magic, helping people, and various other things on her way to being a mage. But she soon also finds out that even just magic alone isn't enough to make someone truly happy... (Source: ANN) Fuujin Year 130 (Medieval times when magic and gods were of great importance). Two years ago, the great war in the "Old Fuujin Continent" was controlled by the "Zenon Country" who possessed great power. In Randia, a small country to the south, the young prince Alfred is attacked by an assassin but gets saved by his friend Welles. The young prince was the last key to the revival of Randia... It was said that in legends the prince had the power to unleash the "Seal of Power" because of his blood relation. This brought fear upon the Zenon country and thus their attack. Welles was just another soldier, but he was also a close friend of Alfred's and they had been fighting together in the battlefield for a long time. That is why they're known as the "Galloping Winds" on the battlefield. And so, the two of them along with Welles' younger sister Teefa, are burdened with the fight for their country. Hearing that war is once again about to break out, the former loyal subject Rea also returns. As more and more people get involved in the war, the mystery of the seal unfolds... To reveal the "Blood Relation of the Prince"... (Source: AnimeNfo) Loki, the Norse god of mischief, has been exiled to the human world for what was apparently a bad joke. Along with being exiled, he's forced to take the form of a child. He's told the only way he can get back to the world of the gods is if he can collect auras of evil that take over human hearts, and so to do this he runs a detective agency. Loki is soon joined by a human girl named Mayura who is a maniac for mysteries, and she soon helps out in her own way. However, soon other Norse gods begin to appear, and most have the intent to assassinate Loki for reasons unclear. (Source: ANN) Kururu, Chiriri, Sarara, and Hororo are four little fairies that live inside bottles on their “Sensei”’s desk. Together, they have misadventures trying to understand the human world, seeking advice from the totally misinformed grade schooler next door. (Source: ANN) Hatsuki is a highschool student living with her sister, Hatsumi, who she has a huge crush on. On Hatsumi's 16th birthday, she is suddenly surrounded by a green light and disappears in front of Hatsuki. She manages to follow Hatsumi with the help of a being resembling a fat baby chick (literally), ending up in a place called "The Great Library", which is full of different worlds stored in books. Hatsumi wasn't there, though, so the search for Hatsuki's great love begins and involves traveling from book to book. (Source: AniDB) As the mermaid princess of the North Pacific (one of the seven mermaid kingdoms), Lucia entrusts a magical pearl to a boy who falls overboard a ship one night. Lucia must travel to the human world to reclaim her pearl and protect the mermaid kingdoms. Using the power of music Lucia is able to protect herself and the mermaid kingdoms from a growing evil force. Daisuke Niwa is a clumsy, block-headed, and wimpy middle school student who has few redeeming qualities. On his 14th birthday, he finally decides to confess his love to his longtime crush Risa Harada, but is rejected. In an unexpected turn of events, however, Daisuke finds himself transforming into Dark Mousy, the infamous phantom thief, whenever his mind is set on Risa. Though Daisuke is unaware of this strange heritage, his mother is certainly not: since before the boy was born, his mother had been planning for him to steal valuable works of art and let the name of the elusive art thief be known. With doubt and confusion constantly clouding his mind, Daisuke finds himself struggling in his relationships with classmates and family. And it is not long before Daisuke realizes that he is not the only one with a fated family legacy—his greatest adversary could be the one classmate he is most unwilling to fight. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Fourteen years after defeating the immortal warrior Himuro Genma and thwarting the Shogun of the Dark's evil plans, Kibagami Jubei continues to roam all over Japan as a masterless swordsman. During his journey, he meets Shigure, a priestess who has never seen the world outside her village. But when a group of demons destroys the village and kills everyone, Jubei becomes a prime target after acquiring the Dragon Jewel—a stone with an unknown origin. Meanwhile, Shigure—along with the monk Dakuan and a young thief named Tsubute—travels to the village of Yagyu. And with two demon clans now hunting down Shigure, Dakuan must once again acquire the services of Jubei to protect the Priestess of Light. (Source: ANN) Every year the flowers bloom. Mysterious Cherry Blossoms blooming all over a crescent shaped island. That island is the island of Hatsune... The main character who goes to Kazami Academy, Asakura Junnichi, has the power to see the dreams of other people in his sleep. He was also taught magic by an old lady that allows him to create sweets. One day, Junnichi seems to have seen someone's dream again while he was sleeping. Inside that dream, a girl who was a childhood friend of his appeared. But, he was woken up by his sister Asakura Nemu, forcing him to come back to his regular life. Nemu doesn't actually have any blood relation to Junnichi but their bond is deeper than other real brothers and sisters. So deep that it gives the illusion that they're lovers. It was another peaceful normal day waking up early in the morning and going to Kazami Academy. Together with childhood friend Amakase Miharu, the academy idol Shirakawa Kotori, the two sisters Mizukoshi Moe and Mako who prefer eating nabe on the school roof for lunch. Going through their day as usual, their childhood friend, Yoshino Sakura, who they thought had moved to America suddenly appears. It was a surprise for Junnichi and Nemu. Sakura tells them, "I came to finish the promise we made during our childhood"... (Source: AnimeNfo and AniDB) Somewhere, there was a young man. A kind hearted young man who loved animals but, the most unfortunate things happen to him. The place where he works going bankrupt, bumping into a signboard as he walks in the streets. He is just completely burdened with bad luck. However, his life completely changes when he meets a fortune teller. With the power of the fortune teller, "Guardian Angels" are called through a mobile phone and a group of cute girls appear. These Guardian Angels, who came from the other world, were actually reincarnations of the pets that the young man had once taken care of before. They are now back to repay his kindness. This sequel takes place a year after the last series. We go back to the time when the 12 Guardian Angels goes to Goro Mutsume. Once again, we have the voice talents of Nogawa Sakura, Chiba Saeko, Kawasumi Ayako and a whole extravanganza of other voice actors / actresses. Lets see how the Guardian Angels grow up! (Source: AnimeNfo) In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite] Maya, Kurusu, and Chelsea hit it off really well when trying to get revenge on Guardian Hearts for making them suffer. Maya and company thought that Guardian Hearts usually appears when Kazuya is getting along with a girl. Not knowing that Guardian Hearts is actually Hina, they leave her alone with Kazuya in an attempt to lure Guardian Hearts. (Source: AniDB) A TV special, known as episode 2.5, that takes place between episodes 2 and 3. (Source: ANN) After the final battle against Gaito, Sara had given her life to remain with him. The sea world is now at peace, but only with six mermaid princesses. While Caren, Noel, and Coco have returned to their kingdoms, it should be time for Lucia, Hanon, and Rina to do the same. After all, Mitsuki Tarou is leaving for Germany, and Doumoto Kaito is heading to Hawaii. Lucia is devestated, and when things couldn't get any worse, Kaito is lost at sea! Worst of all, a strange angel named Michel has appeared, wanting the mermaids to join him. But on the lighter side, Sara's spirit tells Lucia of Sara's successor, a young mermaid named Seira. The mermaids are in for another adventure! Koto unknowingly seals away the Sun Goddess Amaterasu, and now she is in a different world and can't return. Meeting priestesses who combat the evil in this strange place she learns that Black Towers throughout the land keep Amatersu sealed away and are guarded by evil monsters. Koto must now find a way to help defeat these monsters and return the world to the way it was. (Source: ANN) Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor. A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Na-i-sho is a 13 episode OAV series detailing the summer between the ~motto~ and the Dokkaan season. It is a bit more mature than the TV seasons, and looks to develop each of the five witches romantically. Hana is back to a baby, and the mahou shop is a bakery. (Source: ANN) Kannazuki no Miko begins in the village of Mahoroba, where time passes slowly for both man and nature. Two students from the village's prestigious Ototachibana Academy might as well be night and day. Himeko is shy and unassertive, while Chikane is bold and elegant. Despite this, they love each other, and nothing can come between them, no matter how hard they try. On the two girls' shared birthday, a sinister voice corrupts one of their friends into attacking them, and just when it seemed grimmest, the lunar and solar priestess powers that lay dormant in the two girls awaken, dispelling the evil. That was only the first hurdle, however. The two must now fend off the countless others who would threaten their well-being—even the people closest to them! High school student Takeru Takemoto works part time as a (motor)bike courier. During one of his deliveries, he saw a mysterious light passing him and fell into a forest. What he had found was a beautiful girl coming out from a glowing cocoon, calling herself "Hikari." While Takeru was quite embarrassed because of Hikari's nudity, a strange monster suddenly showed up and immediately attacked the two. Both Takeru and Hikari demonstrated the power of their other selves before Takeru had a clue of what's going on. (Source: ANN) This special is a compilation video of the whole season in which each girl has a her own individual song sung by her respective voice actress. It highlights her story and there is a karaoke text frame on the bottom for the watcher to sing-a-long. Moena was a normal college girl until she discovered that she had special powers hidden within her body by her father. When Dark Mother and her army of sexy demom women threaten the virgins of the world, Moena transforms into the naked masked heroine Angel Blade. Moena's stepmother, the weightly endowed Kyoka, is kidnapped by Dark Mother. With the help of a team of barely dressed heroines, Angel Blade storms the demon's stronghold. With the help of the dark-skinned succubus Nail, a former villian, they reach the heart of evil and face off with Dark Mother herself. (Source: ANN) Akane Motomiya and her friends Tenma and Shimon are pulled by a demon into another world, where Akane becomes the Priestess of the Dragon God. The people of this world tell her that she is the only one who can stop the demons from taking over; meanwhile, the demons want to use her power for their own ends. Luckily, Akane has the Hachiyou, eight men with powers of their own who are sworn to protect the Dragon Priestess. (Source: ANN) Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the country of Gazth-Sonika, civil war rages. There, a mercenary called Madlax plies her trade, with almost supernatural skill. In the seemingly peaceful country of Nafrece, Margaret Burton lives a tranquil life. As separate as their lives may seem, the two are connected by ties of mystery, and by a holy book that is also sought by the shadowy organisation, Enfant. As Margaret and Madlax follow the path of their destiny, they come ever closer to uncovering the truth - with no guarantee that it is a truth they can bear to learn. (Source: ANN) The Stress Team floats over the city, locating stressed out people and transforming them into monsters. To combat this, three girls reluctantly transform into the Sweet Valerians, bunny defenders of justice. (Source: ANN) A great evil is sweeping over the realm; an evil that the young swordsman Roan and his life-long companion, the acolyte Yufa, must face head on! For these two travel toward their destiny, from the highest towers to the depths of the underworld, through forest and desert alike. With an ever-growing cast of fellow heroes, fate will grasp these travelers by their very souls and propel the band of skilled adventurers towards a noble end. Or ignoble, if they don't watch their step! Monsters are afoot and the way rife with danger and magic, the path forward may be unclear... But where will is strong, there is a way! Lessons wait in the depths of darkness, and good must prevail. The journey starts now! (Source: FUNimation Entertainment) The anime is about art student Eiri Kurahashi, who works in an antique shop. One day, he sees the image of a girl in an antique glass. To his shock, she appears to be moving and living out her life before his eyes. He becomes infatuated with the girl, and one night at midnight, somehow makes contact with her. He learns her name is Cossette, and that she was an aristocrat's daughter during the 18th century. She reveals to him that her spirit has been entrapped within the glass by her murder, which was perpetrated by her betrothed, the artist Marcelo Orlando. To set her free, she tells Eiri, a man must be willing to take upon himself punishment for the sins Marcelo committed. (Source: Wikipedia) This episode explains why the title of the series is "Flame of Recca". The things that happened in this short OAV was in the last volume, volume 33, of the tankoubon of Flame of Recca. Futari wa Precure protagonists Nagisa Misumi and Honoka Yukishiro are about as different as two people can get. Nagisa is the captain of the lacrosse team, a lover of food, and a hater of homework. Honoka loves to learn, working with the science club and earning the nickname "The Queen of Knowledge" from her fellow classmates. Their lives are unconnected until one day, when a mysterious star shower unites them. Nagisa and Honoka meet Mipple and Mepple, two residents of the Garden of Light. Their homeland has been conquered by the evil forces of the Dark Zone who now have their sights set on the Garden of Rainbows: Earth. With powers from the Garden of Light, Nagisa becomes Cure Black and Honoka becomes Cure White. Together, they are Pretty Cure! Now Pretty Cure must locate the Prism Stones, the only power strong enough to defeat the Dark Zone and repair the damage done to the Garden of Light. Will these magical girls be able to protect their home from the evil that threatens it? Or will they be sucked into the darkness? Sakurada Jun spends his days online, ordering whatever he takes a liking to, only to return it before the payment is due. Due to psychological trauma from school, Jun generally keeps contact with people as little as possible. One day he finds instructions online that tell him to put his order into his desk drawer. Rubbing it off as a joke, Jun mindlessly does so only to find that his order instantly disappears from his drawer. A package suddenly appears, containing a beautiful antique doll. When wound up, this doll comes to life. Sadly for Jun, this doll Shinku views Jun as an equivalent for a servant. Despite the constant demands Jun now receives from Shinku, she slowly helps him overcome his fears of human contact as well as protect him from the deadly battles that come into his life due to her appearance. Based on the manga by PEACH-PIT. Long years after a war destroys most of the earth, Lasty Farson is one of the "angels" sent to points in history to set things right. Lasty is hopelessly clumsy and inept, but once she transforms into Angel Rabbie, she's the best there is. On her first day as a debut angel, she's late, but she is sent to earth and ends up battling old robots from the war--a tall order for a rookie angel. (Source: ANN) On the last day of the school year, 14-year-old Ichika Tachibana comes across an old, busted mirror in an unused campus building. When Manatsu, a mysterious girl from inside the mirror, steps out and offers her friendship for the summer, she also offers Ichika magical powers. Now, Manatsu must help Ichika unlock the powers of the 12 Djinn in order to complete her magic training... but perhaps this is something that will prove too difficult a task. Some offers may appear to be too good to be true and this one just may turn out to do more harm than good. (Source: ANN) A short 10 minute film by the non-existant "Houchiku Movie Corporation" After destroying the dark castles and finally defeating the enemy, Scarlett leaves the group to continue on. While Koto and her friends are together, she meet up again with Scarlett expectantly. A new, powerful enemy is back and must be defeated at all costs, he is more powerful than all of the others... but it will take all of their powers to combine and work together as one... Mikan Sakura is a normal 10-year-old girl. Optimistic, energetic, and overall a very sweet child, Mikan is the complete opposite of the aloof, intelligent, and somewhat cold-hearted, Hotaru Imai. Despite their glaring differences, the two girls have been best friends for a very long time. So when Hotaru suddenly transfers to Alice Academy, a prestigious school in the city, her best friend is devastated—especially when she hears of the horrible rumors regarding the academy's harsh treatment of students. Beset with worry, Mikan runs away to see her best friend! Upon her arrival, Mikan learns of "Alices," individuals gifted with various supernatural abilities, and that the school is an institution built by the government to train and protect them. Discovering that she has her own unique powers, Mikan enrolls in the academy, and, after a lot of trouble, finally reunites with Hotaru. Gakuen Alice is a heartwarming comedy that follows Mikan and her friends' adventures in the academy, as well as their attempt to uncover the mysteries surrounding the problematic, fire-wielding student Natsume Hyuuga. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Third grader Takamachi Nanoha stumbled upon an injured talking ferret after hearing his telepathic cries for help. The ferret turned out to be Yuuno, an archeologist and mage from another world who had accidentally scattered the dangerous Jewel Seeds throughout Earth. Without the strength to collect the Jewel Seeds, Yuuno had resumed a ferret form and needed someone else to take on the task for him. He gave a red jewel to Nanoha explaining to her with this she could transform and use magic to combat the monsters that threatened them due to the Jewel Seeds. But the monsters are the least of their worries, as Yuuno and Nanoha are not the only ones out to collect the Jewel Seeds. These three specials came with the DVD release. They mostly depict stories that take place in-between episodes from the main series. Special #1 takes place in-between episodes 2 and 3. Special #2 takes place in-between episodes 3 and 4. Special #3 doesn't fit very well in-between any of the main series, and is more of a side-story. Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things. (Source: ANN) Sequel to the first series. Thirteen girls, each with the ability to materialize "Elements" and summon metallic guardians called "Childs" have been brought to Fuuka Academy to battle mysterious creatures called Orphans. Each with a different personality and background, they must decide who they truly care about and why they fight. Due to the recent events that happened on the last episodes of the season, the Goddess have some stability problems with their body systems. The always adult looking Urd becomes a little girl and has a fateful encounter with a boy, whereas little Skuld becomes an adult and wants to experiment adulthood together with Keiichi. Two years have passed since the catastrophic event known as the "Continent's Dropping" from the first OVA episode. Yumemi still has not forgotten her ability to see the world above, but now she's in the last years of middle school, tests and real life take over. Unknown to the people of the world, Akuto the world still thrives, but the war rages on. In need of help, Gaz, sends Munto down into Earth once more to find the "Girl of Destiny" in order to save Heaven from its ultimately demise. Yumemi must once confront the only world she sees, and not even her friends Ichiko and Suzune can help her. (Source: ANN) After a routine raid, the rookie sky pirate Coud finds a most unusual cargo in his mates' cargo hold: Ren, an "Edel Reid", a race prized by humans for granting special combat power to their partners through "Reacting". He quickly discovers, however, that Ren is even more prized than he expected. The pirate ship is visited by three members of the Edel Reid Complete Protection Agency "Arc Aire", who try to purchase her. When Coud refuses, the ship is suddenly attacked by a mysterious force, and Coud's captain charges him with Ren's protection. (Source: ANN) The third season doesn`t have a particular story behind everything (like "Valkyrie Ghost" in the second season). It just tells 6 stories about the life of Kazuto & Co. with some additions: Raine and Chorus get a house on earth, the last three Valhalla princesses each get an episode, and in the last episode Kazuto and Valkyrie, who in the same episode managed to stay adult, >try< to marry again. (Source: ANN) 10-year-old Negi Springfield is a wizard-in-training, and needs only to pass one more test in order to become a Master Wizard. Unfortunately, his final task is a bizarre one—to become a English teacher at an all-females boarding school. As soon as he arrives, he completely embarrasses one of his students, Asuna Kagurazaka, and replaces the teacher she loves, which garners her hatred. To make matters worse, Asuna learns that Negi is a wizard, and promises to tell unless he helps her out. But unfortunately, circumstances force them to work together to do many things, from fighting evil wizards to helping the class pass their final exam, with a lot of humor, magic, and romances thrown in. (Source: ANN, edited) Chocolat Meilleure and Vanilla Mieux are two witches who are pitched in a contest to see who will become the new Queen of the Witch World. They must travel to the Human World and collect the hearts of humans. Whoever collects the most "human hearts" wins. Even though they're rivals, the two are still best friends. Join them on this adventure! During an excavation at the mysterious ruins in Clow Country, Syaoran discovers his childhood friend Princess Sakura appear on the site with wings that disperse into many feathers. As the feather's disappear to different dimensions, so does Sakura's memory. In attempts to save Sakura's life and restore her memory, Syaoran travels through to another world to find a solution. There's only one thing left he can do. Travel through to different dimensions to collect Sakura's feathers. Helping out with the quest is Kurogane, an exiled ninja from Japan Country who wishes to return to his world, the runaway magician, Fay, who desires to jump between each world never to return to his own and the white meat-bun shaped creature, Mokona. Short clips about what happens after the TV series. Shortly after the fall of the Wicked King, the Queen of the Garden of Light lost her memory and came to Earth, in the form of a 12-year-old girl named Hikari Kujou. Now, she—with the help of Nagisa and Honoka, endowed with new costumes and powers—must find the 12 Heartiels, which hold the key to restoring the Queen's lost memories. For together once again, they are Pretty Cure. (Source: AniDB) The Courageous Warriors of the Garden of Hope have summoned Nagisa, Honoka, and Hikari to protect their kingdom from a witch who plans to steal the Diamond Line, which is a set of jewelry the queen of the Garden of Hope wears to a ceremony every year to replenish the water of the kingdom. The witch plans to resurrect the Dark Lord and if she does so, not only will the Garden of Hope be destroyed, but other kingdoms in the galaxies, including the Garden of Rainbows and the Garden of Light. (Source: ANN) On his way to visit the Queen of the Garden of Light, the Sage of the Garden of Clouds accidentally drops the egg of the Houhou. The egg lands in the Garden of Rainbows, where it is found by Hikari, attracting the attention of a powerful pair of servants of the Dark Lord. (Source: AniDB) In this surreal comedy, the witch Tsukune-chan travels the countryside doling out just deserts, be they good or bad. (Source: AniDB) Akane Motomiya and her friends Tenma and Shimon are pulled by a demon into another world, where Akane becomes the Priestess of the Dragon God. The people of this world tell her that she is the only one who can stop the demons from taking over; meanwhile, the demons want to use her power for their own ends. Luckily, Akane has the Hachiyou, eight men with powers of their own who are sworn to protect the Dragon Priestess. (Source: ANN) My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. A double release featuring two Akuei movies; Counterattack of Chelsea and Akuei and His Magic Hammer . Long ago there was a war in Heaven which resulted in Judas and Luca – two of the six specially-chosen, talented and strong Saint Beasts – being cast out and imprisoned in Hell for leading the rebellion. But before that Heaven had been a peaceful place where the angels happily lived their lives. In this time, Judas, Luca, Goh, Shin, Rey and Gai are adolescent angels in Heaven who, on the day of Benediction, are made into adults by the supreme god Zeus. With each of the six having their own special abilities and new adult bodies to get used to, opportunities to meet each other arise and new friendships are formed. (Source: Anivide) Akahori Gedou Hour Rabuge is an anime series that combined episodes of two related stories into one broadcast block. Zettai Seigi Love Pheromone Yoshizumi Aimi and Sasajima Kaoruko are comic duo, Their dream is to become popular and stand on the Broadway stage.However, their names are not well-known, and they have to do part-time jobs.To make their names popular, they decided to do side job. It is heroines of justice, They will beat villains one after another, but after that, there is nothing but ruins. People are afraid of them and even rumor that they are evil. (Source: ANN) Soreyuke! Gedou Otometai The five Hokke sisters lost their parents when they were quite young. Although they are poor, they`re living comfortably because they have a dream, which is to be evil. The Hokke Family has belonged to an evil organization and worked as a combatant. When their father died, he left them a message that asked them to become a villain that he couldn`t become. However they wondered how to become the best villains. One day, the youngest sister Utano found a jar. They were told not to open it until they we`re 18. It was sealed by a talisman labeled R18. Akuma-ko broke the seal on the jar and a devil appeared. The demon said they had special powers inside of them, when they have the weapons in their hands they would turn into Gedo Otome Tai. (Source: AnimeNfo) Sequel to the madcap Guardian Hearts OVA series, continuing with Kazuya's misadventures. Five dangerous "seeds" have been stolen from their vault in the world of Evergreen and taken to Earth. Natsuki, an agent of the Queen, has been sent to retrieve them. However, he cannot do this alone and enlists the aid of Chihaya, a middle school student, who is "the only one" who can help him. With his aid she transforms into Magical Warrior Carmine in order to save the humans possessed by the seeds. Questions abound though, such as why Chihaya's mother appears to know all about this secret activity, why Chihaya remembers her father who reportedly died before her birth, and why she dreams of Evergreen, which she has never seen. (Source: ANN) During a monster attack on the city, which is something that happens quite often, Silk and her two friends try get close to the attacking monster for a better view. An unfortunate choice of location to watch from leads to UFO-man, the city's giant protector, to land on the girls crushing them to death. Feeling sorry, UFO-man blames their death on the monster and promises to bring Silk and her friends back to life by lending them his power but the catch is that they now have to become the city's protector as well. (Source: ANN) In the future, a junior high student, Kusakabe Sakura, will offend God by inventing immortality so that women will stop aging after they turn twelve. Dokuro-chan is an angel from the future sent to kill him. However, Dokuro-chan thinks that Sakura can be spared, so her idea is to constantly occupy Sakura so that he will never be able to invent the technology. Sometimes the angel will go crazy and kill him with her bat, Excalibolg, but she can revive him easily. "Pi-piru-piru-piru-pi-piru-pi!" 8 DVD only episodes. Long, long time ago there where both science and magic in the human world. But God became afraid of the Human`s unlimited potential, so he divided the world into two and sealed them apart. One world with magic and the other one with science. Suzukaze Sota is a normal boy except that he has the Key in his body to break the Seal. The evil witch Cendrillon want that power and tries to take it. Akazukin and Val, a silver wolf, came from the magic-world to prevent her from that. A grand story of a boy who will lead a checkered life and girls in fairly lands has just begun. (Source: AniDB) It follows the story of a fairy named Mi who is sent to Planet Pandasia to warn the residents about a great evil that threatens to destroy Pandasia. She chooses a heroic panda named Toby to defeat Gold and Silver, two villains who want to collect the seven Beans of Power and rid Pandasia of its colorful, beautiful environment and replace it with a dark wasteland. (Source: Wikipedia) In a world where humans can have their wish granted via the Goddess Help Hotline, a human, Keiichi Morisato, summons the Goddess Belldandy by accident and jokes that she should stay with him forever. Unfortunately for him, his "wish" is granted. Suddenly, Keiichi is now living with this gorgeous woman all alone, causing him to be kicked out of the all-male dormitory he was staying in. But soon, after they find lodging in a Buddhist temple, Keiichi and Belldandy's relationship begins to blossom. Although they are both awkward and rather uncomfortable with one another at first, what awaits these two strangers could turn out to be an unexpected romance. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the hollow Mysterious Planet, seven kingdoms co-exist, all of them lit by the Sun's Blessing from the Kingdom of the Sun, in the middle of the planet. The light of the core sun is necessary for the continued existence of all the kingdoms. Yet, something is causing the Sun's Blessing to weaken. If something isn't done, it will be the end of life in the Mysterious Planet. Fortunately, the twin princesses of the Sun Kingdom, Fine and Rein, have been endowed with the magic of the Prominence, and are looking for a way to fix things. (Source: ANN) Ureshiko Asaba, 26 years old, married. Few people know the fact that she is a magical girl named "Agnes", and she is actually the guardian of the town where she lives. One day she meets Sayaka Kurenai, aka "Cruje", another magical girl appointed by the magic realm as the legitimate sucessor to her position, but Agnes is reluctant in letting her assume because she knows that Cruje has orders to erase the whole place, including its human inhabitants with the purpose of creating a new one. To complicate matters, Ureshiko must deal with the growing distance between her and her husband, Tamotsu, her crescent feelings for Tatsumi Kagura, a young man who is now living as a tenant in her home, and the fact that in the moment she ever kisses a common human, she would lose her powers forever. (Source: ANN) As summer break arrives for the students, Jun Sakurada is busily studying on his own in the library, making up for time lost while he had confined himself to his home. Meanwhile, his Rozen Maiden doll, Shinku, has been having troubling dreams of late. The pain and sadness of defeating Suigintou was overwhelming, despite the inevitable battle they waged. After waking suddenly from a nightmare, she finds Suigintou's companion spirit wandering; upon giving chase, she discovers that the seventh Doll-- Barasuishou-- has awakened. She now realizes that Suigintou's fate may very well befall the other Dolls, for the appearance of the last Doll signals the beginning of the end of the Alice Games. (Source: ANN) It's now winter in Kamakura. When Satsuki tells her friends that she'd seen Manatsu, Ichika at first doesn't believe it. But on the day before her 15th birthday, Manatsu's mirror fragment inside Ichika's desk drawer mysteriously disappears. That evening, a young girl calling herself "Mafuyu, Manatsu's identical twin" appears before Ichika with a mischievous smirk on her face. (Source: AniDB) Shuffle! Prologue is a short OVA teaser for the Shuffle! anime series based on the visual novel of the same name. While some of the animation was reused for the first episode of the anime series, most of Shuffle! Prologue is unique animation not repeated in the series, although the story itself is retold. (Source: Wikipedia) Mikan Sakura is a normal 10-year-old girl. Optimistic, energetic, and overall a very sweet child, Mikan is the complete opposite of the aloof, intelligent, and somewhat cold-hearted, Hotaru Imai. Despite their glaring differences, the two girls have been best friends for a very long time. So when Hotaru suddenly transfers to Alice Academy, a prestigious school in the city, her best friend is devastated—especially when she hears of the horrible rumors regarding the academy's harsh treatment of students. Beset with worry, Mikan runs away to see her best friend! Upon her arrival, Mikan learns of "Alices," individuals gifted with various supernatural abilities, and that the school is an institution built by the government to train and protect them. Discovering that she has her own unique powers, Mikan enrolls in the academy, and, after a lot of trouble, finally reunites with Hotaru. Gakuen Alice is a heartwarming comedy that follows Mikan and her friends' adventures in the academy, as well as their attempt to uncover the mysteries surrounding the problematic, fire-wielding student Natsume Hyuuga. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After the events of the Lost Logia case, Nanoha waits patiently for the day she can reunite with her newfound friend, Fate. Although being an exceptionally powerful mage, Nanoha spends her days normally with her friends on Earth. But peace is once again suddenly shattered, as Nanoha is without warning attacked by a powerful mage. A group of violent mages have been attacking anything with magic power for their own goals. Nanoha and Fate, along with their friends Yuuno, Arf, Chrono and the Space/Time Administration Bureau must once more band together to stop these renegade mages from hurting anyone or anything else. Takes place after the first season of Lyrical Nanoha. In present times, Gods and Demons coexist together with Humans after the door between each of these worlds had opened. Tsuchimi Rin is a normal young high school student attending Verbena Academy, spending his days living peacefully with his childhood friend Kaede. Unexpectedly, one day the King of Gods, the King of Demons and their families move into be Rin's next door neighbors. Apparently the daughter of the Gods, Sia, and the daughter of the demons, Nerine, are both deeply in love with Rin after having met him in the past. Along with his playful friendship with upperclassmen Asa and his encounter with the silent but cute Primula, Rin has much on his hands dealing with the affections of each of these girls. Based on the eroge by Navel. Kotencotenco is a gag strip anime for young children featuring the flourishes of the Prince of the country of the Paradice, Kotenco. Kotenco guards the “Angel Star” for the Queen in the Paradice. Kotenco is a very good child, but when the bad spirits rise, Kotenco transforms into Matenco. Unlike Kotenco, Matenco is a very naughty child and troubles everyone. But don't worry! By changing the angel ring, Matenco goes back to being Kotenco. Will Kotenco be able to guard the “Angel Star” from the ruler and the Devil of the Country of the Ground, who is aiming for the Paradice? Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things. (Source: ANN) Arika Yumemiya has traveled far in search of her goal: the prestigious Gualderobe Academy. This is the school where young girls are trained to become Otomes, protectors of royal leaders throughout the lands. Here, Arika makes plenty of friends, but some enemies know something about her past that she does not. Nevertheless, her spirit and determination will keep pushing her forward. Adapted from its predecessor, Mai-HiME, this series is not a direct sequel, but an alternate universe setting featuring some of the Mai-HiME cast (though with different personalities). (Source: ANN) 18th Century, France. Lia de Beaumont, loyal servant of Versailles and its King, Louis XV, is found dead in the river Seine. Floating inside a coffin, on which the word "Psalms" was written, her body had been poisoned by mercury, thus preserving decay. According to the Church, the soul that belonged to a corpse incapable of being consumed by the soil will forever wander in the human realm, unable to go to Heaven. This greatly affects D'Eon de Beaumont, Lia's brother and one of the king's spies. He vows to discover by whom - and why - she was murdered. But he never expected that the one who conducting the revenge would be Lia, now possessing D'Eon's body! And what will the knight do when this quest might risk France itself? History is retold in this supernatural tale of vengeance, loyalty and betrayal. Kurou Daijuuji is a poor detective living in Arkham City. One day, he was requested by Ruri Hado of Hado Financial Group, to search for a magic book. While he initially refused, Ruri offered him a large sum of money upon completion of her request, in which bribed Kuro to accept. As Kurou searches for the book, he unexpectedly runs into Al, a pretty girl that is actually a powerful grimoire. They forge a contract with each other, bestowing Kuro with powerful magic. Soon afterwards, Al also activates Demonbane, a deus machina owned by the Hado Financial Group, to combat the mechanical menace from the Black Lodge. With this, the war between the Hado Financial Group and the Black Lodge begins.... (Source: ANN) Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière is a self-absorbed mage in a world of wands, cloaks, and royalty. Although she studies at Tristain Academy, a prestigious school for magicians, she has a major problem: Louise is unable to cast magic properly, earning her the nickname of "Louise the Zero" from her classmates. When the first year students are required to perform a summoning ritual, Louise's summoning results in a catastrophic explosion! Everyone deems this to be yet another failure, but when the smoke clears, a boy named Saito Hiraga appears. Now Louise's familiar, Saito is treated as a slave, forced to clean her clothes and eat off the ground. But when an unfamiliar brand is found etched on Saito's hand from the summoning ritual, it is believed to be the mark of a powerful familiar named Gandalfr. Wild, adventurous, and explosive, Zero no Tsukaima follows Saito as he comes to terms with his new life and as Louise proves that there is more to her than her nickname suggests. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the RPG game of the same name. Aurica Nestmile is a young Reyvateil, or "singing maiden" who feels her song magic is not of much use to anyone. From high up on the tower Ar Tonelico comes Lyner Barsett, whose airship is totaled upon impact with the ground. These two meet up, and in the search for someone who can repair the ship, end up helping both each other and themselves. Based on the American cartoon, "The Powerpuff Girls." Professor Utonium and his son Ken are studying the strange Chemical X. When a mochi cake falls into the formula, it changes into Chemical Z. Ken fires a ray of Chemical Z at a glacier in Tokyo Bay, however that causes strange black and white lights to scatter. The black lights turn its victims into monsters, with emphasis on a black light hitting a zoo monkey and transforming him into Mojo Jojo. The white lights, however, aim at three normal girls, Momoko, Miyako, and Kaoru. This gives them the power to transform into superheroes, the Powerpuff Girls Z! DVD specials. Nina, thinking it was a lolly, swallows an object called "Crystal Pearl". But the candy turns out to be a test for the magicians. To retrieve the crystal, a special medicine has to be made so now Zero and Ichii, the magicians, have to protect her from others while waiting for the medicine to be completed. (Source: ANN, edited) During the summer festival five years ago, two girls met at a mysterious tree and saw two glowing spheres. Now, these two girls--Saki Hyuuga, ace pitcher on the school softball team; and Mai Mishou, who prefers sketching over stargazing--are chosen by the spirits of flowers (Flappy) and birds (Choppy) to restore the Seven Fountains and save their worlds from Dark Autumn. Together, they are the NEW Pretty Cure. (Source: ANN) A remake of the Negima anime with its own original story. Wizard Negi Springfield may be a boy, but he has a man-sized job to do! Fresh from the Academy of Magic, Negi continues his training as an instructor at Mahora Academy in Japan. But before he can get his Masters in magic, the 31 schoolgirls of Class 3-A are gonna keep him up all night cramming for a final exam in will power. Temptation aside, Negi has more on his syllabus than flirting and spells. Darkness is closing in, and Negi is gonna need help from his lovely student bodies to drive the ghouls from their school. These girls want to prove that they're the best in class, and extra credit is available to the cuties that aren't afraid of after-hours phantom fighting! (Source: DVD case) A remake of Go Nagai's 1973 lighthearted horror anime TV series Dororon Enma-kun. Kikoushi Enma is a full-fledged horror show, which contains very few lighthearted parts, since it is much more grim and aimed towards adults. Enma forms together with Yuki-hime and Kappa a team which sends demons back to the netherworld. (Source: AniDB) Masahiro is the grandson of the great onmyouji, Abe no Seimei. However, he lost his sixth sense that enables him to see supernatural beings, which is very important for an onmyouji. Thus, he is left with no choice but to try and pick a different career. But one day, a strange mononoke appears, which he names Mokkun, who shows him his true potential powers after fighting a demon. With the assistance of Mokkun, his quest to become the greatest onmyouji begins. Kamizaka Haruhi having been rescued when she was young by a mage, longed to be a mage herself, so she enrolled into a special school that allows regular and magic classes into two different sections. Together with her rival/best friend, Hiiragi Anri, they study magic together while she is searching for the boy that saved her years ago, to give him a Valentines' chocolate. (Source: ANN) A young girl named Ange is summoned to a Sacred Land and is chosen as the Legendary Etoile, whose mission is to save the newly-born Cosmos of the Holy Beast, which has recently fallen under a crisis. With the support of nine Guardians (who have the power of nine elements), she embarks on a journey to save the dying land of the Holy Beast and to discover her true self. (Source: ANN) Hino Kahoko is a student whose school is divided into two branches—the Normal Branch, in which students wear grey uniforms, and the Music Branch, in which the students wear white. The school's tradition is a music competition, but it is more common that students from the Music Branch are chosen to compete. Kahoko is surprised one day to encounter a fairy named Lili. Solely because she is the only student to see him, she is the only student from the Normal Branch to be in the competition. Kahoko doesn't have any musical knowledge, until Lili grants her a magic violin, one that anyone can play if they believe they can truly do it. Kahoko must now face the trials of the competition, her competitors, and her peers. Amaumi Haruhiko is a high school student who attends Shimano Academy in a town called Narasakicho. Narasakicho contains an unknown rainbow which constantly overlooks the town and is related to granting a magical wish called "Gift." Gift is a once-in-a-lifetime present between two people. As a child, Haruhiko has been close with his childhood friend, Kirino, until he obtains a new non-blood sister by the name of Riko. Haruhiko develops a strong relationship with Riko until they sadly depart due to the fact Haruhiko's father could no longer support the two of them. After some times passes by, Riko finally returns to the town of Narasakicho, and along with Kirino, starts to attend Shimano Academy with Haruhiko. The series revolves around the relationship among these main protagonists and slowly reveals the story behind both Gift and the rainbow. My-Otome Zwei takes place one year after the events of My-Otome. Arika is now a full-fledged Otome (though still under the tutelage of Miss Maria) and Nagi is incarcerated in a prison somewhere in Aries. The various nations are at peace with one another and plan to hold S.O.L.T. (Strategic Otome Limitation Talks) to discuss limiting the numbers of Otome. A mission to destroy a meteor threatening to collide with Earl sets into motion a chain of events which result in a mysterious shadowy figure attacking Garderobe and several Otome as well as a new, more powerful version of Slave appearing across the planet. To make matters worse, Queen Mashiro disappears following an argument with Arika. The series follows Arika's search for Mashiro as well as Garderobe's attempts to uncover the truth behind the shadowy figure. (Source: Wikipedia) Sometime after all the events which took place during Negi's first year as a teacher, Class 2-A goes on a school trip to a beautiful island for Spring break. Everything is fine now, but troubles continue for Negi, because he's still the main atraction of the class. But he has something else to worry about, Asuna is angry at him because he told her she had nothing to do with his studies as a wizard. During the trip, the situation gets intense as Asuna's friends try to help Negi make up with her. (Source: ANN) Specials that followed on the Mai-Otome DVD. When 11-year-old Wataru's father leaves home and his mother is taken ill to the hospital, he decides to change his fate by traveling through the door shown to him by his friend Mitsuru. In a land of magic and monsters, Wataru must summon all his courage and embark on a journey with several comrades to meet the Goddess of Destiny and change this "mistaken fate." (Source: ANN) As Jun Sakurada fights and lives alongside the Rozen Maidens, special lifelike dolls made to battle each other, he enjoys a rare break in which he is told a story during the events of Rozen Maiden: Träumend . When Jun buys a brooch as a present for Shinku, the fifth doll, she refuses to accept it at any cost. Souseiseki, the fourth doll, then recounts the story of how Shinku and the first doll, Suigintou, first met. This tale tells of the cruel and heartbreaking circumstances surrounding Suigintou's birth, and how the many misunderstandings between her and Shinku shaped their longstanding rivalry fueled by Suigintou's unfettered hate towards Shinku. The stage is set in Rozen Maiden: Ouvertüre in 19th century London as the story delves into the past of these one-time friends and the secrets that they hold. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Lebannen, a young distraught teenage boy. While Lebannen may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Tehanu. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. He can use the boy's "fears" against the very one who would help him, Ged. (Source: ANN) The annual Star Festival to honor the stars that bring life is drawing nearer. Anpanman finds an abandoned doll who is brought to life by a Star of Life. The doll, now named Dolly, spends all of her time having fun, convinced that enjoying oneself is the meaning of life. However, her Star of Life is starting to disappear, and Baikinman builds a huge robot inspired by memories of his own birth. (Source: ANN) In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls." They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously. (Source: ANN) In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls". They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously. (Source: ANN) Fine and Rein are sent to the Royal Wonder Academy on the Royal Wonder Planet in order to study to become better princesses. They plan to make many friends, but unfortunately, the competition and cold nature of the students and teachers make things impossible. The twins also become Universal Princesses when touching the legendary Soleil Bell, releasing two angels named Pyupyu and Kyukyu to help aid them. Unfortunately, an evil force manifested in a painting doesn't seem to be satisfied about the Universal Princesses... (Source: ANN) One rainy day, Akane crosses path with a kind young man who tacitly offers to her his coat. On their second encounter, he confesses that he has no recollection of who he is, his name or his past, but feels contented by just being with her. Besotted, Akane sets out to find his name, and to unravel his enigmatic connection with a famous cursed dance rumoured to kill anyone who attempts to perform it. (Source: ANN) Daijuuji Kurou and Al, Master Therion and Etheldreda continue to fight beyond the time again and again over the infinite just as Ouroboros... My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. Rein and Fine receive a care package from their mother and father which contains a device to show past memories and events. The OVA recaps the events of the first season even though chronologically the care package was received after episode 21 of the second season. A recap of the Harukanaru Toki no Naka de: Hachiyou Shou series included on the special "making-of" DVD release of the Harukanaru Toki no Naka de: Maihitoyo movie. The story takes place one year after the OVA. Because of the previous war, Kabucki-cho was devastated, and the owner abandoned his lingerie pub, "Pallion," and opened "New Papillion" in Akihabara. During the war, Tsubomi, and her colleagues Anne and Shizuku lost their memories, and they began new lives in Akihabara. On the other hand, the Susano, aliens who were invading the Earth, appeared. They turned a UMA (Unidentified Mysterious Animal) into a monster and make it raid on Akihabara. Rama the cat made Tsubomi and her buddies retrieve their memories, and let them fight against the monster as Lingerie Soldiers. (Source: AnimeNfo) After a mysterious inferno kills his family, Shirou is saved and adopted by Kiritsugu Emiya, who teaches him the ways of magic and justice. One night, years after Kiritsugu's death, Shirou is cleaning at school, when he finds himself caught in the middle of a deadly encounter between two superhumans known as Servants. During his attempt to escape, the boy is caught by one of the Servants and receives a life-threatening injury. Miraculously, he survives, but the same Servant returns to finish what he started. In desperation, Shirou summons a Servant of his own, a knight named Saber. The two must now participate in the Fifth Holy Grail War, a battle royale of seven Servants and the mages who summoned them, with the grand prize being none other than the omnipotent Holy Grail itself. Fate/stay night follows Shirou as he struggles to find the fine line between a hero and a killer, his ideals clashing with the harsh reality around him. Will the boy become a hero like his foster father, or die trying? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Princess Lilia is next in line for taking over her Kingdom, though her brother Prince Dirk wants things to go his way. He teams up with a demon in agreement that they will capture Lilia's "hidden power" which can only be gained by sending her into the highest level of sexual ecstacy. He captures both Lilia, her loyal Knights, along with his own mother, all for his own bidding. But can he get the "hidden power" in time for the demon? A continuation of Onegai My Melody. On their way to a singing contest, Mai and Saki meet a mysterious man looking for the oldest clock in town. It turns out that this clock is a portal to the World of Clocks, and the mysterious man is a servant of Dark Fall who wants to stop time to destroy the world. With the help of the clock spirits, Pretty Cure must fight to escape his perfect maze and start time flowing again. Takes place during the second half of Futari wa Precure Splash☆Star. Ayumi Mamiya is a witch cursed to lose her powers and only one boy can break the spell. Haruo Yoshikawa thinks he is a normal boy but unknown to him his three sisters have magical powers and keep him protected and ignorant about the exsistence of magic. Now Ayumi must wake up Haruo's latent powers to save herself but his sisters will have none of that. (Source: ANN) Kirihara Aruto loves the stories of Alice, so much so that he begins to write one. One night while writing, he sees a girl out his window who he thinks is Alice. He follows her, and discovers that she is called a Seeker of Alice, and with the powers granted to her she fights other Seekers of Alice to take their eternal story, in order to find the part that belongs to the Eternal Alice. Throughout Aruto's adventures with Arisugawa Arisu, his little sister Kirihara Kiraha and their various friends they discover more about the land of Alice, about the novels, the man who wrote them, and their own powers. A unique trailer found on both the DVDs and on the Disgaea 2 game advertising the anime. The animation for it is completely new, none is recycled from the show itself. Does a decent job of introducing the major characters and general plot, with new battle scenes and an altered plot so as to not give everything away. There's even a boom in shot at one point! An angel arrives in Hell! A demon lord is awakened! There are penguins everywhere! What’s going on here? Angel assassin-in-training Flonne is on a quest to destroy the demon Overlord. Instead of accomplishing her mission, the ditzy Flonne manages to wake Laharl, the demon lord and heir to the throne, from his two year slumber. Now the pair, along with Laharl’s not-so-faithful vassal Etna and her army of explosive souls in penguin costumes, must restore order to the crumbling Netherworld. Based on the events of the game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness , Makai Senki Disgaea follows Laharl’s journey to squash the demon rebellion, reclaim the throne, and destroy anyone who stands in his path. Or, you know, let them join him on his travels if they really want. Just remember: Laharl is a demon lord. There’s no way he’ll ever show kindness, compassion, or love... right? In the peaceful theocracy of Simulicram, everyone is born female. At age 17, each maiden undergoes a special ceremony where she chooses her sex. However, only Pairs of maiden priestesses can synchronize with the ancient flying ships known as Simoun needed to defend Simulicram. These Pairs refrain from undergoing the ceremony as long as they wish to keep piloting their Simoun. Aer is recruited to be a Simoun pilot after a terrifying attack by an enemy nation decimates the squadron known as Chor Tempest. To earn her wings she needs to find her way into the heart of Neviril, Regina of Chor Tempest. But Neviril's heart still belongs to her previous Pair, lost in the battle when she attempted a forbidden Simoun maneuver. (Source: Media Blasters) One year after goddess Belldandy emerged from Keiichi Morisato's mirror and promised to stay with him forever, a new threat to their happiness emerges, one that could end the contract between Belldandy and Keiichi. Punie is next in line to become queen of Magical Land. However, she must spend a year on Earth before she can inherit the throne, so she transfers into a school in Japan. She's usually a sweet and gentle girl... that is unless someone does something to displease her, then she'll drop the act. She won't hesitate to whip out her magic stick and cheerfully rain bloody destruction down on the hapless fool, or barring that, simply use wrestling moves she calls "Submission" to punish them. Accompanied by her animal mascot Paya-tan, who makes regular attempts on her life (still bitter about being defeated and then forcibly recruited from Waku Waku Mascot Village), and forced to fend off random attacks by various people from her Kingdom who all have different reasons for wanting her dead, she must complete this year of training on Earth without fail. Renkin San-kyuu Magical? Pokaan follows the daily lives of four young girls. There is just one catch: they are anything but normal. This group of friends—the energetic werewolf Liru, the joyful witch-in-training Uma, the motherly android Aiko, and the seductive vampire Pachira—are actually princesses from the netherworld who have traveled to the human world in search of a new home. Unfortunately, their naivety and severe lack of knowledge make living peacefully among earthlings much more difficult than they imagined. As they attempt to adapt to their brand new lifestyle, they cause all sorts of trouble, and end up attracting the unwanted attention of a woman by the name of Dr. K-Ko. The scientist believes that these new residents of Earth are up to no good and attempts to capture the girls to prove the existence of the supernatural and gain credibility with the scientific community. Every day brings a new adventure as the girls deal with the insanity of her antics and all that the human realm has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When people dream, they express their utmost desires and emotions within the confines of their mind; but when their strong emotions cross the border into reality, the dream can turn into an uncontrollable nightmare. Touko and Rinko are sisters known as "yume tsukai" (dream users), and their job is to take care of these nightmares. Using toys as weapons, the girls must both destroy the nightmare and return the dream to its rightful owner before the nightmare does any sort of serious damage. Have no fear, Touko and Rinko are here! (Source: Anime-Planet) Tsuwabuki is a normal student, though not very social. One day he meets a new transfer student, named Sumomo Akihime, and another girl, both the only members of the gardening club. Tsuwabuki is forced by a teacher to join this club. But then he bumps into a strange guy with dog ears, switching his drink with they guy's by mistake. Drinking it, he is turned in a stuffed animal. The teacher tells him that the only way to turn back to normal is to find the chosen girl and let her catch the seven stardrops. This girl is Sumomo, that accepts to help him, though she's not allowed to know the animal's true identity. (Source: ANN) Kazuma Yagami is a user of "Fuujutsu," the ability to control the wind. He returns to his old home, the noble Kannagi household, after being banished four years ago for his inability to control fire and his subsequent defeat in a duel at the hands of his younger cousin, Ayano Kannagi. Returning after such a brutal exile already gives rise to many conflicts, but to make matters worse, several Kannagi family members have recently been murdered with Fuujutsu. This leads the Kannagi family, including the hot-headed Ayano, to suspect Kazuma as the culprit. Now, Kazuma must not only clear his name, but also aid the family he shares a mutual hatred with, in order to discover the true identity of the killer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Two worlds exist, both unaware of the existance of the other. In order for one world to flourish, the other will have to perish. On the perishing world, a Chosen one is sent on a journey to restore that world's mana by awakening the Spirits and becoming an angel. Colette Brunel, the Chosen of Sylvarant, sets out on her journey accompanied by her best friends Lloyd Irving and Genis Sage. As they travel further they meet more friends and even more enemies, while they learn more and more about the truth behind the World Regeneration. (Source: ANN) The Sablum Empire has been attempting to take over the kingdom of Windland for many years, and are now plotting with the mercenaries Sister Hell and Darkness Knight to start a new offensive using powerful magical beings called Angels. Hyaweh, a carefree yet talented swordsman, and Priecia, who just might be the lost princess of Windland, are enrolled at the Knight's Academy in Windland to hone their skill at swords and sorcery. There they meet many friends and allies who can help them protect their homeland from the impending invasion. Thirteen-year-old Karin Hanazono feels like her life can't get any worse, Her parents died when she was younger, leaving her with an aunt who doesn't hesitate to call her stupid and useless over her poor grades. Her only friend, her cat named Shii-chan, passed away recently, leaving her completely alone. All she has left of her parents is a ring given to her by her mother, which she treasures dearly as the sole thing left of her past. Kamichama Karin begins the moment her life takes a turn for the better, when she is approached by Himeka Kuujou, a cute girl who has also lost her parents, and Kazune Kuujou, her cousin who finds girls to be troublesome, both of whom are searching for a goddess. Her mother's memento ring shines brightly in their presence and fills her with its radiance, making her smarter, faster, and capable of granting wishes. It turns out that her ring allows her to become the very goddess they were looking for, and now that she has awakened that power, others will come after her for it… Kyoshiro to Towa no Sora revolves around the life of Kuu Shiratori, a seemingly normal high school girl who enjoys her school life in the giant city Academia, which is thought of as a symbol of recovery for humanity since already ten years have passed since the greatest disaster mankind had ever seen, occurred. Kuu has recently been having a recurring dream where a prince meets her and takes her away. One day, while all the students at her school are preparing for the upcoming school festival, the prince, whom she has met several times in her dreams, appears. The prince, Kyoshiro Ayanokoji, requests of her just as he had done in Kuu's dreams, "Let's go... together..." (Source: Wikipedia) A recap of the Shuffle world, set ten years in the future. Gods, Demons, and Humans freely visit the other worlds as if traveling overseas, and romance is in the air. Demons, Gods, And Humans together have been falling in love and creating new families, breaking down the wall that once seperated them. Past memories are visited by Rin Tsuchimi and the events that occured between him and Lisianthus, Nerine, Kaede, Asa, and Primula. (Source: ANN) Revered as heroes for their role in defending Tristain, Louise and her familiar Saito face heavy pressure to continue protecting the Kingdom. With an uneasy peace now established within Albion, the newly crowned Queen Henrietta must deal with a political struggle brewing on the horizon. To make matters worse, a new villain has begun plotting in the shadows against the Crown. With the continuing threats that face the Kingdom, Louise and Saito are compelled to work together once more. No longer "Louise the Zero," the young mage's newfound aptitude for Void magic gives her enough power to wipe out an entire village; however, wielding these abilities comes with its share of challenges. As more conflicts arise, the idea of placing honor above oneself is put into question—regardless of their answer, their only choice is to see it through until the end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When an alien force eventually called the "Neuroi" attacks Earth around the 1940s, the world is devastated by destruction. However, one man is able to lead the invention of an anti-Neuroi weapon known as the "Striker unit" which augments magical power and also enables flight through two mechanical lower-leg coverings known as a sort of witches "broom." Young witches from around the world are gathered together to fight back in a force known as Strike Witches. The inventor, however, was thought to have been killed during service. The daughter of the inventor leads a relatively normal life except for her untrained and incredible magical power which she hopes to use one day in healing. However, she is suddenly whisked away on a search to see if her father is actually alive. She encounters his invention and the possibility of perhaps using it herself. (Source: ANN) Set 10 years after Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha A's, Nanoha, Fate, Hayate and the rest of the crew are now working full time in the Time-Space Administration Bureau. Nanoha is a combat instructor, Fate is a special investigator, and Hayate is a commanding officer. They must unite once again to save the dimensions. Introducing new characters as well: Subaru, Teana, Caro and Erio. Stand by. Ready. Set up! Yumehara Nozomi, a regular student, finds a magical book called the Dream Collet in the library and meets Coco and Nuts, two creatures from the Palmier Kingdom. They plead with Nozomi to restore their world, which has been destroyed by an organization called the Nightmares, by completing the Dream Collet and finding the 55 Pinkies to make any wish come true. Meanwhile, the Nightmares are moving into the real world. Once Nozomi agrees to help, Coco and Nuts transform her into the magical girl Cure Dream and turn four fellow students into her Pretty Cure team. (Source: ANN) Mysterious disappearances are occurring one after the other in Tatsumi Town. Kiriya has a vision from a mysterious beautiful girl with pointy ears. A book talking for an alternative world is found. And Mao searching for her long lost friend, Zero, comes to our world. But what she didn’t expect is to find Souma and Kureha, and even less, to accidentally take them to her world. Now, Souma and Kureha have to find a way to come back. But other forces are playing their part in the darkness and Souma with Kureha will find that going back is harder than they first anticipated. (Source: ANN) The life of the once ordinary middle school student Sakura Kusakabe changed when an angel by the name of Dokuro-chan moved into his house. This heartwarming story of love, desire and... bloodshed continues as Sakura's normal everyday life slowly crumbles into a bloody mess. (Source: ANN) In 2007, the Punishment of Sexual Perversions Law came into effect. The city is surrounded by a squadron wearing protective suits and they begin to arrest any who look like perversions. No wonder that Inukami Master Keita and Inukami Yoko are wanted for Class A perversions. What will happen to Keita, Yoko, Kaoru's Inukami, and the other lovely perversions? What about Karina? (Source: AniDB) When Keiichi found his grandpa's diary and saw a treasure map inside, Skuld and Urd started to feel a great urge to search it. With the company of his friends, Keiichi arrives to Honda Inn, the place indicated on the map. Once the party is inside, they meet Honda Chieko, who seems to share a certain promise with Keiichi. Apart from all that confusion, it's time for Keiichi to have enough courage to say the words "I love you" to Belldandy. Ink Nijihara is a girl in high school. Unfortunately her crush Nao Tezuka barely recognizes her. To make matters worse, she is very short. Now Ink meets a duck and becomes a "mahou shoujo" and teaches Nao english in disguise. (Source: ANN) Haruhiko, Riko, Yukari, Chisa and Rinka are trying to help Kirino save her family's inn from bankruptcy due to their newest rival, Hotel Moonstone. As a result, they decided that creating high-class cuisine was the best method in order to help the Konosaka Inn attract customers. However, in the process of creating this high-class cuisine Yukari, Chisa and Rinka mysteriously and instantaneously develop overpowering feelings towards Haruhiko and end up vigorously competing for him. Unfortunately, for Haruhiko this harem contains mixes of both heaven and hell. 15 one-minute shorts created by various people from Japan's animation industry. The title of the collection, Ani*Kuri15, is abbreviated from the words "anime" and "creators". Season One Shinji Kimura (Studio 4°C; Art Director, Steamboy) - title: Attack of Higashimachi Ni Chome/Attack of Higashimachi 2nd Burough Shōjirō Nishimi (Studio 4°C; Character Designer, Tekkonkinkreet) - Uchujin Raikou Hiroshi no Baai/Invasion from Space - Hiroshi's Case Akemi Hayashi (Gainax; Character Designer, Fruits Basket) - Namida no Mukou/From the Other Side of the Tears Osamu Kobayashi (Madhouse; Art/Mecha Desgin, Gungrave) - Sancha Blues/The Aromatic Tea Blues Yasufumi Soejima (Gonzo; 3D/CG Director, Last Exile) - Hyotoko/Blaze Man Season Two Atsushi Takeuchi (Production I.G; Mecha Design, Ghost in the Shell) Mamoru Oshii (Production I.G; Director, Ghost in the Shell) - Project Mermaid Kazuto Nakazawa (Studio 4°C; First Unit Director, Kill Bill Chapter 3: The Origin of O-Ren from Kill Bill: Volume 1) - "yurururu" ~Nichijou Hen~ Ranji Murata (Gonzo; Character Design, Blue Submarine No. 6) and Tatsuya Yabuta (Gonzo; Story Design, Final Fantasy VII) - Gyrosopter Tobira Oda (Original Manga, Danchi Tomō) and Yasuyuki Shimizu (Key Animation, Naruto (movies)) (Studio 4°C) Season Three Michael Arias (Studio 4°C; Director, Tekkonkinkreet) - Okkakekko Makoto Shinkai (Comix Wave Film; Director, The Place Promised in Our Early Days) - Neko no Shuukai/A Gathering of Cats Shōji Kawamori (Satelight; Director, The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love?) - Project Omega Mahiro Maeda (Gonzo; Director, Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo) - Onmitsu Hime Satoshi Kon (Madhouse; Director, Paprika) - Ohayō/Good Morning Special shorts focusing on character relationships. Amu Hinamori is a student at Seiyo Elementary, where she has a reputation for being "cool and spicy"; however, her real personality is that of an extremely shy and easily intimidated girl. One night Amu makes a wish that she would have the courage to be reborn as her "would-be" self. The next morning Amu finds three brightly colored eggs—red, blue, and green—in her bed. Each egg eventually hatches into a Guardian Character: Ran, Miki, and Su. Guardian Characters are angel-like beings that aid a person into becoming their "would-be" selves and fulfill the person's dreams. The Guardian Characters accomplish this by giving encouragement and advice, but they can also temporarily change a person's personality and abilities. With the Guardian Characters, Amu's life becomes much more complex as she now struggles to deal with her new personalities and the Seiyo Elementary Guardians—a student council group where each member has their own Guardian Character—who recruits Amu to search for and seal the X eggs and X Characters, corrupted forms of people's dreams. The characters from previous .hack//G.U. Games and .hack//Roots receive an email from Ovan. He is requesting them to go to Hidden Forbidden Festival where is set up a mysterious summer festival. There they find an AIDA Chim Chim who wishes to peacefully co-exist with the other players of The World. It then transforms into the word "Returner", so they assume it to mean that Ovan will return to The World. (Source: ANN) Night Wizard. A term given to those whose mission is to protect the world from impending darkness. Renji Hiiragi is one such Night Wizard, who is constantly called on missions, even though all he wants is to be able to go to school and graduate. However, his latest order was to protect Elis Shiho, who is a new transfer student at his academy. Being dragged into the Astronomy Club by Renji's childhood friend, Kureha Akabane on her first day at school, Elis soon realises that she too, has the power to become a night wizard, after possessing one of seven secret Jewels, the Jewel of Kindness. Along with Renji and Kureha, Elis now begins her fight and her new life, as a Night Wizard (Source: ANN) An Angel Eater has been freed in Heaven. Since Goddesses and Angels share body and soul, losing your angel results in going into shock for the Goddess. Lind goes to Earth to protect Belldandy and the others unknowing that it is a trap. (Source: ANN) A movie based on the popular fashion card and arcade dance game aimed at young girls. The movie features the magical Princesses Love and Berry, who posess Fashion Magic. While Love and Berry are best friends, they become rivals for attention when they're on the dance floor. (Source: Wikipedia) Ryofu Housen (Lu Bu) is a powerful general from the Three Kingdoms; alongside Chinkyuu (Chen Gong), Ryofu suddenly finds himself falling to Earth, and landing... in the body of an elementary school student?! With their new lives as flat-chested, women-loving children, Ryofu and Chinkyuu follow their hunger and their desire to get back to their old lives somehow; but it will be difficult, given the variety of obstacles in their way including old enemies, epic monster battles and the most important thing of all, trying to get their hands on Eri-sensei's mammoth F-cup breasts! "Tweeny Witches" The Adventure created by Studio 4C in collaboration with "Garo" creator Keita Amemiya. Includes the Alice chapters "Sakana ni Natta Maho Shojotai" and "Fuin Sareta Kokoro," Sheila chapters "Yosei Hakusho" and "Kori no Majo to Hien no Taki," and Eva chapters "Dragon House no Himitsu" and "Shippu Doto no Maho Shojotai" on three DVDs. (Source: AniDB) Moe and Bunta are chasing an enemy who holds the powerful and magical coin that can rule the kingdom. However, all three were accidentally thrown into the human world while the coin scattered into tiny pieces. Now, Moe and Bunta took it upon themselves to find these small coins and bring order back to their kingdom and also remove the enemy from the human world. (Source: AniDB) Otonashi Meimi is walking alone in an empty park when the demon Rococo suddenly appears. Rococo users her Eternal Arm attack on Meimi in order to separate the power of Misty Mei from within her body. Meanwhile, at Naoto's house, Hikaru, Naoto's stepsister who was studying abroad, returns home. She starts going to the same school as Naoto, and it worries Rika, Naoto's lover, a little. "I love you the most in the world." With these words, Naoto makes love with Rika in the school nurse's office. However, Misty Mei appears and spirits Rika away. Then, the angel Luvril appears saying that Naoto has no choice but to have sex with Hikari so that a new Djibril can be born to save Rika. (Source: AnimeNFO) Moetan DVD-only episodes. #6: "The First Date" #13: "The Supreme Ruler at the End of the Century! The Magical Girls' Combined Attack" A series of shorts parodying the main series Prism Ark. The third series of Onegai My Melody. The worried owner of a luxury hotel hires high school student Kuroi Misa who has experience with necromancy. The reason is that a series of suicides carried out by guests have taken place in the garden which was once a place of execution. She agrees to use her knowledge of the black arts but demands  a fee of ten million yen. Tai Chi Chasers focuses on Rai, a young orphan, shocked to discover he's a secret descendent of the Tigeroids: an ancient race of peaceful beings locked in struggle with the ruthless and cunning Dragonoids. In a parallel universe called Suhn, the Tigeroids and Dragonoids are locked in an age-old race to recover 500 lost tai chi symbols. Whoever recovers these precious and potent symbols will possess the ultimate power to rule their realm…and destroy their enemies. Rai must now hone his innate tai chi card skills to fight the Dragonoids, find the lost symbols and battle to become one of the champion Tai Chi Chasers. (Source: ANN) A special included in the Eiga Yes! Precure 5 GoGo! Okashi no Kuni no Happy Birthday movie. Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. A seed of hope descends from the sky, landing atop Flappy's head and sprouting between his ears. Goyaan is sent after the seed of hope and uses a seed of despair to transform an Uzaina, causing big trouble for the Precure! Amu Hinamori is a student at Seiyo Elementary, where she has a reputation for being "cool and spicy"; however, her real personality is that of an extremely shy and easily intimidated girl. One night Amu makes a wish that she would have the courage to be reborn as her "would-be" self. The next morning Amu finds three brightly colored eggs—red, blue, and green—in her bed. Each egg eventually hatches into a Guardian Character: Ran, Miki, and Su. Guardian Characters are angel-like beings that aid a person into becoming their "would-be" selves and fulfill the person's dreams. The Guardian Characters accomplish this by giving encouragement and advice, but they can also temporarily change a person's personality and abilities. With the Guardian Characters, Amu's life becomes much more complex as she now struggles to deal with her new personalities and the Seiyo Elementary Guardians—a student council group where each member has their own Guardian Character—who recruits Amu to search for and seal the X eggs and X Characters, corrupted forms of people's dreams. Originally an April's Fool in 2007, this one episode OVA is a spin-off of the School Days game by 0verflow, and shows Kokoro Katsura, the little sister of one of the main characters, from her other side. A mahou shoujo out to save the world, or something like that. (Source: AniDB) A Tokyo school girl named Tukishima Moe obtains the ability of becoming a magical girl with the help of Lulue. Her duty is to protect Akihabara, the source of moe energy, from falling into the evil hands. Note: This is a hybrid anime/live-action television series based on the Moegaku language-learning software. The series further the original concept by expanded language study to include English, Korean, Spanish, Chinese, and French. (Source: Wikipedia) Strike Witches is set in an alternate version of 1944, where the events of World War II are very different than what we know to be true. Alien invaders known as the Neuroi came to Earth in 1939. This is not the first appearance of the Neuroi as they have appeared at seemingly random intervals throughout human history. While the Neuroi primarily attack humanity using aircrafts, their mothership is able to produce a deadly miasma, a chemical that is fatally poisonous to humans, forcing the populations of affected areas to flee their homes. The Neuroi then use the poisoned areas to plunder Earth's natural resources to use against humanity. Luckily the miasma cannot spread across water, making the ocean humanity's main line of defense against the Neuroi. With normal humans unable to fight in the miasma, witches have become the forefront of military defense against the Neuroi. Each witch is able to deploy a defensive field around themselves that not only blocks the miasma but protects them from physical attacks as well. Utilizing leg mounted machines called Striker Units to fly into combat, the witches use their magical abilities to wield devastating weapons too large and ungainly for a normal person. The series follows the battles fought by the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, who battle on the front lines to defend the British Isles from the Neuroi. Will humanity be able to take back Earth and bring peace to their home? Find out in Strike Witches ! A direct continuation of the former season, this series again follows the story of Nozomi Yumehara and her friends from Yes! Precure 5 . The girls who had formerly lost their powers and bade farewell to their friends Coco and Nuts from Palmier Kingdom are resurrected as Pretty Cure by the mysterious woman Flora who also wants them to find her in a place called Cure Rosegarden. To go there, they need the magic Rose Pact and the powers of the four kings of countries surrounding Palmier. But a dark organization called Eternal is also striving to get to Cure Rosegarden by stealing the Rose Pact. Luckily, Precure get helped by new allies: the delivery-boy Syrup who can change into a giant bird and fly them anywhere they want and the mysterious and beautiful fighter Milky Rose stand alongside Pretty Cure to protect what is really valuable. Following his brave sacrifice in the war against Albion, Saito Hiraga is knighted and treated as an aristocrat, something that proves difficult for Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière. With their relationship no longer defined as the mighty Void mage and clueless familiar, she wonders what exactly this means for them. While venturing to a castle, Louise is ambushed by a powerful mage named Sheffield. Battling alone, the young mage nearly faces defeat until Saito makes his appearance. The mystical and unknown nature of Void magic seems to be at work in the battle, and Louise begins to believe in the possibility of another Void user. Moreover, she realizes that Saito's magical rune is fading, and so a new adventure begins as they search for the elf who revived Saito in the past. The relationship between former master and servant faces a new challenge as they work to restore the runes and redefine the bond which holds them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Haruka Minazuki and Aoi Kannazuki are freshman high school students and best friends. During the day they help with school activities but at night they thwart enemies like Black Auction and other villains as Red Angel and Blue Angel, the Twin Angel team. OVA episodes that are bundled with the limited edition of the manga volumes 23-25. First episode to cover chapters 176 and 177 of the manga. Second episode to cover chapters 178-180. And third episode to cover chapters 182 and 183. Get ready for a second magical journey to the world of Someday's Dreamers, where spellcasting is a profession that requires both the proper training AND a license. It's to get that license and fulfill a promise made to her late father that young Sora Suzuki has made the long journey from her distant home in the countryside town of Biei to the big city of Tokyo. It's a daunting challenge, but she's got a little bit of talent, a charming personality and, most important of all, the promise of an internship! What she ISN'T expecting, though, is how different life in the city will be, especially the people themselves. While she gets along with the confident Asagi, Kuroda and the gentle Hiyori, she's completely confused with the mysterious boy Gouta. And yet, as a result of their internships they keep ending up in the same situations and slowly learning to understand more about each other than they ever imagined possible! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The world of Yozakura Quartet is actually not one, but two worlds: one of humans, and one of youkai. Despite appearing mostly human, youkai may have animal like physical traits, along with a number of special abilities. Normally youkai are confined to their world, but some have found their way into the realm of humanity. As a symbol of peace, and a bridge between the two realms, a city was constructed within the protective barrier of seven magical trees, otherwise known as the Seven Pillars. This city of Sakurashin is home to both humans and youkai, with the peace between them maintained by the Hizumi Life Counseling Office. The director of this office is Akina Hiizumi, a teenager with the inherited family ability to perform “tuning,” which can send harmful youkai back to their world permanently. He is aided by a group of girls, including the town’s 16 year old youkai mayor, Hime Yarizakura, their town’s announcer and resident telepath, Ao Nanami, and Kotoha Isone, a half-youkai who can summon objects just by stating the object’s name. As new residents enter and mysterious events begin to take place, this quartet of protectors and their closest friends must continue to guard the city of Sakurashin, and maintain the fragile balance of peace between humans and youkai. In the nineteenth century, we find Lydia Carlton living in Scotland, making a living as a fairy doctor. She is one of those rare humans who can see and communicate with fairies. But no one believes her. However, Edgar is in need of someone with a vast knowledge of fairy lore, and Lydia is just that person. After rescuing her, he becomes her employer, but there are many secrets and emotions that seem to follow Edgar, who claims to be the Blue Knight's Earl. Academy City, Japan, is at the forefront of science. Besides being 30 years ahead of the world technologically, more than three-fourths of this peculiar city's population consists of students developing their psychic abilities as espers in various institutions. Among these students is Touma Kamijou, a high school boy with the lowest psychic rank of zero, but with a mysterious power no scientist can understand: "Imagine Breaker," which allows him to negate other supernatural abilities. This, however, doesn't affect Kamijou's life in the least as he plays his role as a regular teenager; that is, until he meets the strange Index Librorum Prohibitorum, a young girl who has memorized the entire forbidden grimoires, and now a dangerous organization is hunting Index down. With several magicians looking to harm the girl, Kamijou will defend his new companion at all costs as he discovers a strange new realm of the supernatural. [Written by MAL Rewrite] It's Nozomi's birthday, but it is disturbed by Bunbee chasing after a girl from another world, Chocola. When Pretty Cure rescue her, she thanks them by taking them to her country, Dessert Kingdom. In this cockaigne with rivers of juice and candy growing on trees, they feel very comfortable. But then they meet the evil Mushiban and his two subordinates Dry and Bitter. They want to take over the kingdom and change Pretty Cure into sweets. In order to save not only Nozomi's Birthday but also the whole Dessert Kingdom, Pretty Cure have to fight their way against Dry and Bitter and also against their own friend: Coco, who is being brainwashed by Mushiban. A 30-minute Inuyasha feature titled Kuroi Tessaiga screened on Takahashi Rumiko's picture exhibitions across Japan. In January 2010, this special ended up, slightly edited, as episode 15 of Inuyasha Kanketsu-hen. There is a magical academy that is located on a floating island in the sky. This OVA is about the students of one of the academy's classes, who's only chance not to fail the semester is to win a competition where they must show off their magic skills. January 1999: Apprentice mage Azaka Kokutou, Mikiya's younger sister, has been ordered by her mentor, Touko Aozaki, to investigate a certain incident in which fairies steal the memories of students at Azaka's school, Reien Academy. Azaka launches an investigation with the help of Shiki. (Source: Aniplex USA) This two episode OVA retelling of the first Da Capo series with the "what if" Asakura Jun'ichi were to return Shirakawa Kotori's feelings. Now Utau has left Easter and restarted her singing career, while Ikuto still remains at Easter. To replace Utau Easter hires a new character, Lulu. Lulu has the power to create question mark eggs, instead of x-eggs. Throughout this season we start to see all the love interests more so then in the first season. Tadase and Amu seem to be a couple now, but they have their problem, especially when Amu starts hiding Ikuto in her room. She lies to Tadase, her family and all the Guardians about it, which in the end causes more problems then she expected. Easter also has a new plan to control Ikuto. Using his violin Easter controls Ikuto so that he transforms into Death Rebel. The sound of his violin turns all the heart eggs with in distance into x-eggs. With a large amount of x-eggs gathered, the embryo will soon turn up. (Source: ANN) Episode numbers continue as 52, 53, 54, etc. DVD beach episode of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Also known as episode #6.5. Sequel to Onegai My Melody Sukkiri. Ribbon-chan wants to become an Otome. (Source: AniDB) Picture Drama episodes included in each DVD volumes of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Episode Titles: vol.1 「Maid's Afternoon: Whip of Love」(メイドの午後　愛のムチ編) vol.2 「Maid's Afternoon: Afternoon for Two」(メイドの午後　二人きりの昼下がり編) vol.3 「Maid's Afternoon: The Last Night」 (メイドの午後　最後の夜編) vol.4 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Prologue (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 序章) vol.5 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 1 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第1章) vol.6 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 2 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第2章) vol.7 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 The Last Chapter (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 最終章) Chibi-Earl and Chibi-Fairy. Every special focuses on another character, who will in their turn recite a poem by Shakespeare, that they feel describes their lives the best. The plot revolves around Kaoru Torigara, only son of a ramen shop owner, who is going to renovate his inherited ramen shop. He discovers that his shop has a guardian angel named Pretty Menma. Pretty Menma tells Kaoru that his dead father's intention is making him succeed in the "Food King Wars", a battle of restaurants around the world that is held every 4 years. Kaoru and Menma must help each other to go through the struggles of the "Food King Wars". (Source: Wikipedia) Welcome to the fascinating world of Gensokyo, in which youkai (A term for all sorts of spiritual creatures), animals and some humans live, completely separated from our world by a magical barrier. The only gateway between the two worlds is the Hakurei shrine. Reimu Hakurei is the maiden working at said shrine. Whenever problems of supernatural causes (known as "Incidents") occur, Reimu goes out with her friends to investigate, eliminate the cause and hopefully restore Gensokyo to its equilibrium. Second season of the Shimajirou children's television series. In a world resembling the middle-age. A girl, Riannon, is set to be sacrificed to appease a resurrected demon lord, Arawn. As her brother Arthur attempts to rescue her, Arawn defies those who resurrected him and frees Riannon from her captors, which leads to Riannon admiring him. This eventually leads to a party of companions being assembled for adventure, with Arawn acting as the leader. Academy City, Japan, is at the forefront of science. Besides being 30 years ahead of the world technologically, more than three-fourths of this peculiar city's population consists of students developing their psychic abilities as espers in various institutions. Among these students is Touma Kamijou, a high school boy with the lowest psychic rank of zero, but with a mysterious power no scientist can understand: "Imagine Breaker," which allows him to negate other supernatural abilities. This, however, doesn't affect Kamijou's life in the least as he plays his role as a regular teenager; that is, until he meets the strange Index Librorum Prohibitorum, a young girl who has memorized the entire forbidden grimoires, and now a dangerous organization is hunting Index down. With several magicians looking to harm the girl, Kamijou will defend his new companion at all costs as he discovers a strange new realm of the supernatural. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tsubasa/xxxHOLiC Project A 4 part OVA released with the limited editions of the Tsubasa and xxxHOLiC volumes. There are two OVAs for each series, with plots linked together. They cover the Nihon Country Arc and scarcely some of the Celes Country Arc. (Source: Official Project Website) "In order for something to be obtained, something of equal value must be lost." Alchemy is bound by this Law of Equivalent Exchange—something the young brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric only realize after attempting human transmutation: the one forbidden act of alchemy. They pay a terrible price for their transgression—Edward loses his left leg, Alphonse his physical body. It is only by the desperate sacrifice of Edward's right arm that he is able to affix Alphonse's soul to a suit of armor. Devastated and alone, it is the hope that they would both eventually return to their original bodies that gives Edward the inspiration to obtain metal limbs called "automail" and become a state alchemist, the Fullmetal Alchemist. Three years of searching later, the brothers seek the Philosopher's Stone, a mythical relic that allows an alchemist to overcome the Law of Equivalent Exchange. Even with military allies Colonel Roy Mustang, Lieutenant Riza Hawkeye, and Lieutenant Colonel Maes Hughes on their side, the brothers find themselves caught up in a nationwide conspiracy that leads them not only to the true nature of the elusive Philosopher's Stone, but their country's murky history as well. In between finding a serial killer and racing against time, Edward and Alphonse must ask themselves if what they are doing will make them human again... or take away their humanity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Now Utau has left Easter and restarted her singing career, while Ikuto still remains at Easter. To replace Utau Easter hires a new character, Lulu. Lulu has the power to create question mark eggs, instead of x-eggs. Throughout this season we start to see all the love interests more so then in the first season. Tadase and Amu seem to be a couple now, but they have their problem, especially when Amu starts hiding Ikuto in her room. She lies to Tadase, her family and all the Guardians about it, which in the end causes more problems then she expected. Easter also has a new plan to control Ikuto. Using his violin Easter controls Ikuto so that he transforms into Death Rebel. The sound of his violin turns all the heart eggs with in distance into x-eggs. With a large amount of x-eggs gathered, the embryo will soon turn up. (Source: ANN) Episode numbers continue as 52, 53, 54, etc. Life hasn't been fair to Koyomi Morishita. Even though she's in high school, she's so short that everyone assumes she's still in grade school. The boys and girls in her school tease her mercilessly, and she's not exactly graceful either. On the other hand, she's still better off than Yumiko, who has a magician trying to kill her. Or at least Koyomi was until their paths crossed! Fortunately, salvation arrives in the form of master mage and graduate student Misa Anehara, who agrees to take Koyomi under her wing in learning the new style of magic, which breaks enchantment down into sequences of code. That'll be quite a task, given that so far Koyomi's talent seems to consist of making washbasins randomly fall out of the sky. But if it was easy, it wouldn't be magic, would it? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Barsburg Empire's Military Academy is known for training elites who bring victory to the empire. Students of the academy freely utilize an ability called "Zaiphon" to fight, while the types of Zaiphon usable depends on the nature of the soldier. Teito Klein, a student at the academy, is one of the most promising soldiers produced. Although ridiculed by everyone for being a sklave (German for slave) with no memories of his past, he is befriended by a fellow student called Mikage. While preparing for the final exam, Teito uncovers a dark secret related to his past. When an attempt to assassinate Ayanami, a high-ranking official who killed his father, fails, Teito is locked away awaiting punishment. Only wanting the best for Teito, Mikage helps him escape. Teito ends up at the 7th District Church where he is taken in by the bishops. It is here that Teito attempts to evade the grasp of Ayanami and the Military, so he can rediscover his memories and learn why he is the person that can change the fate of the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Love Momozono is a 14-year-old student at Yotsuba Junior Highschool that tends to care more for others than for herself. One day she visits a show of the famous dance unit "Trinity" and decides to become a dancer, too. On the same event, subordinates of the Labyrinth Kingdom show up who want to collect the unhappiness of the audience. Love gets the power to change into Cure Peach and fights them. Soon after, she is joined by her good friends Miki, who is Cure Berry, and Inori, who becomes Cure Pine. (Source: ANN) To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the flow of energy of everything, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the normal world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world. (Source: ANN) Love, Miki and Inori are on their way to a dance contest, but get lost on their way to Minato Mirai. Still looking for their way, they are attacked by a monster. When the three Fresh Precure girls start to fight it, other Precures show up to support them. They all have to combine their powers to win against this mighty enemy. Sequel to Onegai My Melody Sukkiri. When what looks to be a cluster of shooting stars appear in the sky, Rinko Kougyoku and her friend Minami each make a wish. What the girls truly saw were not stars, but 'Jewel Charms' falling to the Earth. These charms were created by three magicians in a magical world names Jewel Land, each housing one of its many native Jewelpets. Although these creatures are free to roam the world in their original form, the magicians sometimes turn them into charms so that they can be carried around with great ease. Most Jewelpets don't find this troublesome, but once a mischievous bunny by the name of Ruby feels overly claustrophobic, she devises her escape. One day, the magicians decide to move the Jewelpets, and task a pelican with delivering them to the Dream Forest. All is well until a strong gust of wind disorients the bird, who then drops all of the charms that he was carrying. Instead of heading towards the Dream Forest, all the Jewelpets but Ruby fall to Rinko’s home city on Earth. Someone must go and retrieve them all, and as Ruby was the worst-behaved of the bunch, she is given the task of going to Earth. When Ruby reaches Earth in the form of a red Jewel Charm, she falls into Rinko’s water glass, and thus begins a rather unexpected adventure. Rinko, Minami, and Ruby form an alliance to search and gather all of the fallen charms, encountering strange creatures and tons of helpful allies along the way. Will they be able to succesfully bring the Jewelpets home safely, or is Earth full of more danger than they had expected? Ten years after the Great War against the demon-beasts, the empire rules over the world and prosperity relies on the massive use of aer. Yuri Lowell and Flynn Scifo are two young men who have just enrolled the ranks of the prestigious Imperial Knights. One day, they are sent to the town of Ceazontania, where abnormal aer activity has reportedly caused the proliferation of horribly mutated beasts, with serious threat for the whole region. Meanwhile, the Knights Supreme Commander Alexei Denoia and the naive Princess Estellise are involved in a behind-the-curtains struggle for power in the capital. The situation in Ceazontania deteriorates as the garrison of Imperial Knights finds that they cannot expect any immediate support from the capital. Then, Niren Fedrok, commander of the Imperial Knights in Ceazontania, takes an unexpected decision that is going to change Yuri and Flynn's destiny forever. What are the secrets behind the extraordinary events that are happening around Yuri and Flynn? Will they be able to defend the innocent people of Ceazontania and stay true to their beliefs? (Source: Funimation) This is a series of OVAs covering some of the Magic World manga arc by Ken Akamatsu, starting with chapters 184 through 188. Marin and her sister Urin live in the sea. One day they find a ring fallen into the sea. They get out of the sea and meet a girl Kanon, the owner of the ring. Kanon tells them she doesn't want the ring anymore because it was given by her boyfriend whom she just broke up with, and she throws it into the forest. Marin thinks Kanon is still in love with him and looks for the ring with her sister. But Urin accidentally breaks a seal near a shrine... A movie finale to Munto, a director's cut of the climactic scenes with new footage. The high spirited girls Azuki Edomae, Mutsumi Mutsuki and Serika Shihodo, put on their "KIGURUMI"costumes instantly transforming them into the super heros Kigurumikku-Swan, Kigurumikku-Falcon and Kigurumikku-Swallow. Follow these super-girls as they defend Minamachi City and bring peace to the town. Legend of Regios was originally the English speaking cut-scenes on TV, that the characters in the Chrome Shelled Regios series were watching. This special (which has been included with the DVD release of Chrome Shelled Regios) has reorganized the scenes, extended some, and has been re-dubbed completely in Japanese.  It's a side story within the Chrome Shelled Regios series. Amazing secrets and startling facts are exposed for the first time in the Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood OVA Collection, a new assortment of stories set in never-before-seen corners of the FMA universe. Join Ed and Al as they chase rumors of successful human transmutation into a web of shocking family drama and lies. Sneak a glance at hidden sides of Winry and Hawkeye's personalities. Survive the frigid north with a young Izumi Curtis as she fights to gain a deeper understanding of alchemy. Explore the legendary friendship shared by Mustang and Hughes and watch them grow from military school rivals into hardened brothers transformed by the horrors of the Ishvalan War. You thought you knew the whole story. You thought all the tales were told. The Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood OVA Collection offers proof: You were wrong. (Source: FUNimation) 1. Fullmetal Alchemist: The Blind Alchemist (Moumoku no Renkinjutsushi) Based on a side story of the Fullmetal Alchemist manga published in the Fullmetal Alchemist Perfect Guidebook (2003). It's about a blind alchemist named Jude, who serves the Humbergang family. He once violated the taboo of Alchemy. 2. Fullmetal Alchemist: Simple People (Shinpuru na Hitobito) A story about Riza (why she let her hair grow longer) and Winry (why she had her ears pierced and how she got her earrings). 3. Fullmetal Alchemist: The Tale of Teacher Based on a side story of the Fullmetal Alchemist manga, the third OVA is about Edward and Alphonse's teacher, Izumi Curtis. The story is compiled of two parts. The first part shows how Izumi (then 18 years old) survived in Mt. Briggs to become an apprentice of a renowned alchemist. The second part shows how Izumi and Sig met and their love at first sight. 4. Yet Another Man's Battlefield The story centres around Roy, aged 18, in a military boot camp, how he met an Ishbalan recruit named Heathcliffe Arbor, how he became a friendly rival to Hughes. After resolving the problems in the Labyrinth Kingdom, Love Momozono and her friends live a happy life and continue their dance training. Suddenly, the town children's toys start to go missing and the girls agree to help find them. Love Momozono's stuffed rabbit then comes to life and tells the Cures that the Toymajin is responsible. The Fresh Pretty Cure cast then travel to the Kingdom of Toys to save the day! (Source: bakabt) Anime has as a fairy brown dispenser of some 'of his good fortune to those less fortunate. Unko-san lived on Lucky Island together with her friends, all of them with a different personality and culture. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An extra episode entitled "cruncha cruncha cruncha", which happens in the middle of the TV series. It's called an "Advanced Broadcast" and was aired prior to the actual series. Inuyasha, Kagome, Miroku, Sango, Shippou and their neko-mata friend Kirara, are now in the final leg of their quest to put an end to the elusive demon, Naraku and all of the chaos and evil he has caused, and to ultimately undo the unfortunate karma of the Jewel of Four Souls. Their journey, however, will not be easy as their remaining enemies put out all the stops to make sure that they do not accomplish their goal. This TV Anime depicts Volumes 36-56 (end) of the Inuyasha manga. The story continues from the last moment seen in Inuyasha's original anime. Inuyasha, Kagome, Sango, Miroku and Shippou are now in the definitive quest to beat Naraku and the evil he has created and absorbed, they don't lose hope since their future depends on it, but the path isn't easy nor short so they will go through life threatening situations and must put their friendship and love on the line with wisdom to know who their friends and foes are to succeed. (Source: ANN) Ichigo is a little girl who is distressed by the failing relationship between her mother and father (who is actually her step-father). After school one day she meets a driver of a magical bus and finds herself taking a ride in the bus. The bus transports her to the past to shortly after her mother and real father met. Perhaps she is meant to do something that will help her parents stay together and love one another further into the future. (Source: ANN) Amu meets a super-peppy transfer student at Seiyo Academy Elementary School named Hiiragi Rikka at school one day. Not only can she see Guardian Characters, but it seems she has some other, mysterious powers as well. When she sees the work that Amu and the other Guardians do at school, she's awestruck. Each 24-25 minute episode consists of a series of variety show style shorts (including Shugo Chara! Pucchi Puchi) totaling approx. 9-10 minutes, followed by the main 11-12 minute animation titled Shugo Chara!!! Dokki Doki which is the actual continuation of season 2 and comes with it's own opening animation. The remaining time is occupied by live action padding between each section and capped off with the opening/ending themes at the beginning and end of the episode. (Source: AniDB) While searching for a run-away cat the twins Riko and Rimu Mikogami find a strange device that transforms them into "Kirumin." It also enables them to turn into real animals. Their older sister Nagisa soon joins them. Now the three have cute, funny and sometimes dangerous adventures. Promo-like shorts, featuring Maria as a magical knight. Mahou Sensei Negima! Mou Hitotsu no Sekai extra episode featuring Yue. A girl who is protecting her city. Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series. What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door. On a legendary island shaped like an unusually regular turd, a population of turd-people and insanely aggressive animals go about their hilarity-packed day to day lives. Central character Yoshiko Un is known as Unko-san, but you're unlikely to meet her--the island appears only to the fortunate few, to whom they give good luck. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) The movie will be based on the storyline in season 1 but will have new battle animation and a new transformation sequence. "In order for something to be obtained, something of equal value must be lost." Alchemy is bound by this Law of Equivalent Exchange—something the young brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric only realize after attempting human transmutation: the one forbidden act of alchemy. They pay a terrible price for their transgression—Edward loses his left leg, Alphonse his physical body. It is only by the desperate sacrifice of Edward's right arm that he is able to affix Alphonse's soul to a suit of armor. Devastated and alone, it is the hope that they would both eventually return to their original bodies that gives Edward the inspiration to obtain metal limbs called "automail" and become a state alchemist, the Fullmetal Alchemist. Three years of searching later, the brothers seek the Philosopher's Stone, a mythical relic that allows an alchemist to overcome the Law of Equivalent Exchange. Even with military allies Colonel Roy Mustang, Lieutenant Riza Hawkeye, and Lieutenant Colonel Maes Hughes on their side, the brothers find themselves caught up in a nationwide conspiracy that leads them not only to the true nature of the elusive Philosopher's Stone, but their country's murky history as well. In between finding a serial killer and racing against time, Edward and Alphonse must ask themselves if what they are doing will make them human again... or take away their humanity. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The second arc of Tales of Symphonia that takes place in the flourishing world of Tethe'alla. This OVA takes place up to two-thirds of the game, prior to the Derris-Kharlan arc. After discovering that Neuroi are capable of communication with humans and making peace with the nest above Gallia the Witches squads are now on a mission to re-establish communication when a sudden attack vanishes the Neuroi; they now discover a new and massive nest that just appeared covering almost all Europe. Ruthless and without mercy it annihilates allied forces along with Witches. Word of the attack reaches Fuso and a support battalion is deployed to rescue the survivors. Among the rescue team is the former Striker captain Mio Sakamoto and the now civilian Yoshika Miyafuji who want to save their dear friends. (Source: ANN) A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is the adaptation of the second route of the popular visual novel: Fate/stay night . In this route, Rin Toosaka will be the major female character. Revelations about Shirou and his destiny will be made. (Source: AnimeNfo) The story takes place in a trading city Ert'Aria. Leicester Maycraft is an item engineer belonging to an adventurer guild "Oasis." One night, he is at a party with his friends to see a meteor stream on the rooftop of a chapel. One meteor grazes them and hits the steeple of the chapel. There he finds a secret room and a sleeping girl. The girl wakes up and says "You must be my father!" The encounter with the mysterious girl brings an unexpected adventure to Leicester. After enrolling at the Constant Magic Academy, Akuto Sai discovers he's not just a gifted student with magical powers; he's destined to become the Demon King. And though he's not that crazy about the idea, it drives the girls wild! From the sexy school girls in his class to the skin-obsessed android who's programmed to seduce him, Akuto has no shortage of wacky girl trouble. How much temptation can a demon king take? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Following the destruction of the magical floating device from OVA 1, the Magic Academy falls to earth, but unfortunately lands on and breaks a demon seal, releasing hundreds of ancient demons into the forest around the academy. The teachers are barely keeping the demons away and are desperately searching for the pieces of the floating device, so to earn more magic stones, all of the students from Amelia's class decide to leave the academy (even though they were told not to) to find the missing pieces. (Source: ANN) An edited and condensed version of the TV series. 2nd year middle school student Tsubomi Hanasaki has just moved with her family to the town of Kibougahana to live with her grandma. She is shy and introverted, but is determined to start off her new school life at Myoudou Academy as confidently as possible. Lately she has been having the same mysterious dream again and again, of Cure Moonlight's defeat at the Great Heart Tree. She wonders what it all means. Then suddenly, two fairies from the dream appear to her, and before she knows it, she is transformed into the legendary Pretty Cure, Cure Blossom! Later joined by her high energy classmate and new friend Erika Kurumi as Cure Marine, the two girls vow work hard to protect everyone's Heart Flowers from the evil gang, The Desert Messengers. The candid shots of Muttsurini's female and male classmates that fund his surveillance habits. "Alpha Stigma" are known to be eyes that can analyze all types of magic. However, they are more infamously known as cursed eyes that can only bring destruction and death to others. Ryner Lute, a talented mage and also an Alpha Stigma bearer, was once a student of the Roland Empire's Magician Academy, an elite school dedicated to training magicians for military purposes. However, after many of his classmates died in a war, he makes an oath to make the nation a more orderly and peaceful place, with fellow survivor and best friend, Sion Astal. Now that Sion is the the king of Roland, he orders Ryner to search for useful relics that will aid the nation. Together with Ferris Eris, a beautiful and highly skilled swordswoman, Ryner goes on a journey to search for relics of legendary heroes from the past, and also uncover the secrets behind his cursed eyes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tsubomi Hanasaki is woken by her best friend Erika Kurumi only to find out that their two fairies, Coffret and Shypre, have left just leaving a note explaining where to find them. Fairy Park is not only the destination of both girls, it is also the meeting point of all other Precures who planned to spend this special day together. This magical theme park holds the Rainbow Jewel, a special gem that represents all of the hopes and dreams of the world. Such a powerful stone is the object of desire of a malefic entity named Bottom who has waited one thousand years for the opportunity to possess it. The Fairytale World is in trouble. Its princesses and their respective worlds are disappearing, causing a ripple effect in the human world where their stories are popular. In order to save the Fairytale World, the Queen sends three magic animals, Sei, Dai, and Ryoku, to the human world with magic gems to find three girls who can become the "Super Miracle Idols," the princesses Snow White, Cinderella, and Kaguya-hime. Those "princesses" end up being three little girls: Yukimori Ringo, Takashiro Layla, and Sasahara Natsuki. But the gems transform them into older singing superstars, and after their accidental debut at the singer Wish's concert, they become known as "Little Princesses," or "LilPri." Now they must collect Happiness Tones from humans in order to restore the Fairytale World. In Jewel Land, Jewelpets, creatures who has the natural ability to use magic lived in harmony with the Witches, attending the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn to use magic with their Jewel Eyes. However for Ruby, a white Japanese Hare whose magic sometimes fail, is appointed to go to the Human World to search for her partner. But when she used the card the magicians gave her, she was sent to the Human World by accident. In the Human World, A girl named Akari Sakura met her on the beach on her way to school. At first, Akari can't understand her due to her Jewel Land Language until Ruby took a special candy so she could speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knew about her problems and later apologized. A Jewel Charm appeared on Akari's hand and she realized it that she's chosen by Ruby to be her partner. After that, she decided to enter the Jewel Star Grand Prix, on the prize is that any wish that they wanted will be granted. Will she be the Next Jewel Star and her wish be granted in the end? Or It'll just end in one big disaster... (Source: Wikipedia) An OVA based on the Hoshi no Umi arc of the manga spanning chapters 26-34. This arc focuses on Rin Azuma, a Jiang-Shi yokai resident of Sakurashin adjusting to her new life in the city and working for a ramen shop. One day her former friend Zakuro Kurumaki invades Sakurashin to capture Rin and convince her to join her in destroying the city with the other yokai hunters as well as Enjin Hiizumi, the main antagonist of the series. Akina Hiizumi and the other members of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office take action to save Rin, 'tune' the yokai controlling Zakuro and protect the city. (Source: ANN) DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou. A scientific animation and the second project of Anime Innovation Tokyo, THINK Corporation and Tokyo Metropolitan Government's investment initiative to sponsor animation works by independant animators or small studios What would be your guess of the world's fastest moving transport? Haley is a student at the school of wizardry, doing nothing but racing with his friends on flying broomsticks. One day, Haley's teacher unveils one of his latest inventions - magic goggles that measure the speed of moving objects, simply by wearing them. He has Haley and his friends use these goggles and compete against each other to decide who will measure the fastest speed of any surrounding animal. Peter, frustrated after losing against Haley, challenges him to another match and the two head toward the human world, taking with them an advanced magic broomstick their teacher had developed. Although this broomstick was incomplete, Haley and Peter succeed in flying around the human world to discover the fastest moving object. Now, what do you suppose this could be...?! (Source: AniDB) As tensions between the world of magic and Academy City continues to rise, Touma Kamijou and his hand of negation must face off against both esper and magician in order to protect the lives of those around him. Of course, he is not alone in his fight; whether by his side or out of sight, allies and enemies both old and new will enter the fray to help him. Toaru Majutsu no Index II continues the story of action and comedy, as the scale of Touma and his allies' battle grows ever larger. A conflict is slowly brewing on the horizon, and magic and science will cross paths once again in the war to come. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Sakura Kurumi, Erika's mother, is preparing for a fashion show in Paris. The girls of the school's fashion club are going to model there, including some high school students. While in Paris, they meet a mysterious boy named Oliver. However, Baron Salamander of the Desert Apostles appears, and the girls transform into Pretty Cures to defend Paris. An OVA bundled with a PSP game Da Capo: D.C. I & II P.S.P. It features animated confession scenes for the four main heroines of the two games, Nemu, Kotori, Yume, and Otome. * An exclusive OVA produced for PAJAMAS SOFT 10th Anniversary-Project Prism Magical: Prism Generations! and included with the professional package of the game. There is a small town on the sea. Raika just enjoys his school life with Ibuki, his old friend, and Yuri, his maid. However, his father is actually a magical girl (?). Also, a group of magical girls come to his school to look for a treasure stone called Mana Prism. Though he doesn't want to wear a girl's costume, he is forced to be a magical girl as well! "Come back, my peaceful life!" To save his school, his battle against the magical girls starts now! (Source: AniDB) Set in the eastern Japanese prefecture of Ibaraki, Agukaru centers around Sanae Baraki, a farmer’s daughter who can see spirits. Every day she works on her field together with such spirits to produce the best agricultural goods. However, there is a group that aims for that field. With the blessing of the earth, she transforms into Agriculture Angel Baraki. Recap episode. Includes re-edited footage from episode 1 up to episode 15. Iris is narrating along with Sion. A collaboration anime project of Anime Tenchou and Touhou animated by ufotable. The anime was shown at the 2010 Animate Ichioshi Bishojo Anime Matsuri. Dog Days takes place in the world of Flonyard, an alternate Earth inhabited by beings who resemble humans, but also have the ears and tails of specific animals. The Republic of Biscotti, a union of dog-like citizens, has come under attack by the feline forces of the Galette Leo Knights. In an effort to save Biscotti, Princess Millhiore summons a champion from another world in order to defend her people. That champion is Cinque Izumi, a normal junior high student from Earth. Agreeing to assist Biscotti, Cinque retrieves a sacred weapon called the Palladion and prepares for war. In Flonyard, wars are fought with no casualties and are more akin to sports competitions with the goal of raising money for the participating kingdoms. Cinque is successful in his role as Biscotti’s champion, but learns that a summoned champion cannot be returned to their home world. The scientists of Biscotti will endeavor to find a way for Cinque to return home, but until they figure something out, he must serve Princess Millhiore by continuing to fight as Biscotti’s hero. Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons. Haruka Minazuki and Aoi Kannazuki are two students at St. Cherine academy. Haruka is always filled with bubbly energy while Aoi is more mature and a top student in all her classes - but despite their differences the two are the best of friends. The two girls look like any other girls, attending the academy, but the truth is they are hiding a little secret, that they can't let anybody know about... During the day they really are just students at St. Cherine academy, but they can also become the Twin Angel duo, and fight against the evils of the town! The lovely Angels are back, and it's time for them to get ready for some action! (Source: NicoNico) In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi. Anemone is a story about a girl who strays into a world of wonder. She goes deeper into her internal world—her heart—and, in the end, retrieves an important thing that she lost. (Source: Official site) High school can be a complicated time for young men, especially for young men named Ichirou Tachibana. Ichirou knows his homeroom teacher Yuuko Morino's biggest secret: she's a witch! When fellow classmate and witch Lily Ramses Futaba catches him peaking on Yuuko, she decides it's the perfect time for her to use a new spell she's acquired and turn Ichirou into her familiar servant. Lily's planned antagonism for Ichirou goes awry when the spell turns him into some sort of twisted, purple, tentacle monster. Now he must directly acquire sexual energy from witches in order to sate the tentacle monster's lust and retain elements of his humanity. To make matters worse for the two witches, Ichirou's new form gives him the power to control them to satisfy his basest desires! The trio also find out that the spell that Lily acquired was sold to her deceptively and intentionally made to appear genuine. Amidst all the sexual misadventures in the Witches and Tentacle , they're about to discover that something far more sinister is at work, and they are but pawns within a larger game. A manner movie based on the Houkago no Pleiades anime. A manner movie is a reminder video shown in theaters before the main movie starts, it is there to remind the audience to turn off their mobile phones, avoid talking, etc. This Houkago no Pleiades manner movie was exclusive to the United Cinemas theater chain. (Source: AniDB) Support video for the victims and sufferers of the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami featuring all the Precure girls. With the help from a mysterious creature, Elena turned herself into a magical girl to beat Zoid, a tentacle monster to save her sister, Emile. Since that day, to protect her sister and to keep peace on the earth, Elena started to fight against the ugly creatures as a magical girl! However, what awaited her is a harsh destiny: immoral days of naughty humiliations. And her battle eventually involves her sister and her dead mother. Can Elena exterminate the tentacle monster, or is she driven crazy and lost her reason by the ecstasy? (Source: DLsite) After Cure Muse's mission of restoring her father's kind heart was accomplished, Ako and Mephisto decided to return to Major Land together. Suddenly, a howling noise rang through the city, and when it died down, all music was gone. Ako and Mephisto tried to establish contact with Major Land, but could not get a response. Full of worry, Hibiki and the others headed to Major Land, where there was no sign of the former land of overflowing music. The world was desolate without sound, its people devoid of emotion like stone, continuing to play their soundless instruments. The only one left was Ako's friend Suzu, who explained how Aphrodite suddenly changed and took away all music from the land. Ako and Mephisto, unbelieving and determined to find out the truth, headed to the palace where Aphrodite was. Hibiki, Kanade and Ellen decided to chase after Suzu, who had run away after Ako refused to believe her story. While chasing after Suzu, the girls met with 3 men eager to steal the Healing Chest. And as the truth slowly came to light, the Pretty Cure had to face up to the real enemy. To mark the July 2 opening of the Fullmetal Alchemist: The Sacred Star of Milos film, the Pia Eiga Seikatsu website posted an exclusive video "interview" with the stars of the film, Edward and Alphonse Elric (as voiced by Romi Park and Rie Kugimiya, respectively). In keeping with the spirit of Hiromu Arakawa's original manga and the two television anime, the interviewer has trouble early on in figuring out who the "Fullmetal Alchemist" is. (The interview has cameos by the other stars of the anime.) Also includes 3 "Study" sessions with "Professor" Mustang, teaching Winry and Hawkeye about Creta and Milos. Precure All-Stars DX the Dance Live: Miracle Dance Stage e Youkoso is an all-in-3D dance production featuring the Pretty Cures from seasons Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart through to Suite Pretty Cure♪ (sans Cure Muse). The production lasts for 10 minutes, and is done entirely in stereoscopic 3D, featuring a medley of songs from the different DX movies, as well as some brand new songs. The dance production itself was released in movie theatres on 5 August 2011, accompanied by the release of a brand new single, Pretty Cure All Stars 3D Theatre Theme Song Single. The movie starts when a pink shooting star falls down from the night sky and soughts out a toy store, striking one of the Cure Dolls of Melody on display. The Melody Doll comes alive, freeing herself from her box. Jumping to the floor, she explores the toy store when she hears the noise of a crowd coming from outside. Running out of the store, she discovers a huge TV screen which reflects a "real-life" image of herself. Playing around with it, she is soon joined by a Cure Doll of Rhythm. The two spot Hummy, waiting several floors down on the dance floor, who waved at them and sends up two rainbow keyboards to the Cure Dolls. Nodding to each other, the two slide down the keyboard onto the dance floor, and the concert began. The concert ends with a shot of the huge TV screen shown during the introduction. The 3 Suite♪ Cures are seen smiling and waving at the audience, and as the shot zoomed out, the 3 Cure Dolls are shown at the bottom of the screen. (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki) The characters in Sanrio's Wish me mell line star in two short specials. Fate/Prototype is a digest version of Kinoko Nasu's original version of Fate/stay night . "Mahou Tsukai Jiji" was created as part of a project promoting the relation between young and old people. Kyoto Animation commercial. A short special included on the second volume of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ni! Blu-ray/DVD release. After the fairies defeated Gunala, the Evil Goddess, another crisis hit the Fairy Castle!! The magical energy of the world has been devoured by the evil wizards. The Rainbow Flower, the source of the magic power, is soon to wither, and this will destroy the world of Fairy Castle. Only finding the legendary Rainbow Heart Stone and letting it recollect all the essential energy can save the world. To solve this biggest crisis in the history of the Fairy Castle, Prince YouLe, Sally, and their new friend XiaoQian, have to go back to the human world and reunite with Maggie and Michelle to fight the evil again. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited) Short episodes of Hime Chen! Otogi Chikku Idol Lilpri that aired as part of TV Tokyo's morning program block for children, Norinori♪Norisuta (のりのり♪のりスタ). A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An animated feature film based on the Negima! Magister Negi Magi manga. Not every zombie is the monstrous, brain-eating type. One night while walking home from the convenience store, regular high school boy Ayumu Aikawa is killed by a serial killer, and is just as suddenly brought back to life by a necromancer named Eucliwood Hellscythe. One small caveat: he's now a zombie. Things get even weirder for him when he accidentally steals a magical girl's uniform, and thus her powers! Haruna, the ex-magical girl, orders him to fight evil creatures known as Megalo in her place until they can figure out a way to get her powers back to her. It seems that life is just going to get stranger and stranger for poor Ayumu from here on out in Kore wa Zombie desu ka? . As tensions between the world of magic and Academy City continues to rise, Touma Kamijou and his hand of negation must face off against both esper and magician in order to protect the lives of those around him. Of course, he is not alone in his fight; whether by his side or out of sight, allies and enemies both old and new will enter the fray to help him. Toaru Majutsu no Index II continues the story of action and comedy, as the scale of Touma and his allies' battle grows ever larger. A conflict is slowly brewing on the horizon, and magic and science will cross paths once again in the war to come. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The third and final OVA series concluding the story of Tales of Symphonia: The Animation. A fugitive alchemist with mysterious abilities leads the Elric brothers to a distant valley of slums inhabited by the Milos, a proud people struggling against bureaucratic exploitation. Ed and Al quickly find themselves in the middle of a rising rebellion, as the exiled Milos lash out against their oppressors. At the heart of the conflict is Julia, a young alchemist befriended by Alphonse. She'll stop at nothing to restore the Milos to their former glory—even if that means harnessing the awful power of the mythical Philosopher's Stone. (Source: FUNimation) A normal high school boy Kisaragi Ryuji's peaceful life is turned into an adventure by the return of his second cousin Eriko. Ryuji and Eriko seize a relic box from a black broker. In the box, they find a red dragon girl Rose. In order to protect Rose from the black organization, Ryuji decides to fight using his power as a relic handler. The project is a spinoff from Circus's D.C. Da Capo franchise and features the Yoshino Sakura character as a seemingly ordinary third grader with secret special powers. (Source: AniDB) It's Tokyo in the 1970s, and evil youkai (demons) are attacking the human world. The "Youkai Patrol"—Enma, Princess Yukiko, Kapaeru, and Grandpa Shappo—are sent from hell to exterminate them. (Source: ANN) OVAs bundled with volumes 42, 43 & 46 of the Aa! Megami-sama! manga. Madoka Kaname and Sayaka Miki are regular middle school girls with regular lives, but all that changes when they encounter Kyuubey, a cat-like magical familiar, and Homura Akemi, the new transfer student. Kyuubey offers them a proposition: he will grant one of their wishes and in exchange, they will each become a magical girl, gaining enough power to fulfill their dreams. However Homura, a magical girl herself, urges them not to accept the offer since everything is not what it seems. A story of hope, despair, and friendship, Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica deals with the difficulties of being a magical girl and the price one has to pay to make a dream come true. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kanon Town is filled with music. Hibiki Houjou and Kanade Minamino have grown up in this town and have known each other since they were children. However, they no longer get along. One day the fairy Hummy from the land of music, Major Land, appears before them. The evil king Mephisto of Minor Land is planning to turn the legendary Melody of Happiness into the Melody of Misfortune. To prevent this from happening, Hibiki and Kanade transform themselves into Pretty Cure. Kanade and Hibiki have to learn to work together to collect the scattered notes of the Melody of Happiness in order to recreate the score! One day, Yamato, Mikoto and Takeru visit a village in the mountain for the training to be monster hunters. They have various hard trainings and finally become the monster hunters. But there is something wrong with Yamato's body. His body gradually changes into a monster... what is happening to his body? Who can stop it? To save Yamato, Mikoto and Takeru make every effort to do so. What is the secret to Yamato's body? What will happen to Mikoto and Takeru? (Source: ErogeShop) Subaru is a young girl who discovers that her best friend Aoi is part of magical group trying to gather engine fragments so that a little being from Pleiades can return to his home. Subaru considers joining them as she was chosen by the Pleiadian, president of this afterschool club. A collaboration between Gainax and the car maker Subaru. (Source: ANN) The "bittersweet, mysterious story" revolves around Chocolat Aikawa, a chocolatière who runs a shop called Chocolat Noir. She can grant wishes to the troubled people who visit her shop—if they give her something precious in exchange. The main character Tatsumi Mai is a girl who uses magic to understand the feelings of people. Precure 10th Anniversary Movie and 3rd Precure All Stars DX. Enemies are from all the Precure works. OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Sequel of Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha The Movie 1st. Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons. In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi. Based on The Magic Tree House series, award winning series of children books written by American author Mary Pope Osborne. Aikawa Ayumu was revived as a zombie by the cute necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. After the zany, madcap adventures in the first season of Is This a Zombie? ended, Ayumu thought his life might finally get back to normal, or as normal as it can be for a zombie. However, destiny has other plans for him. Some guys just can't catch a break. (Source: FUNimation) The fourth and final season of The Familiar of Zero. Saito and Louise feel their bond deepening as the days go on, and they feel it might be time to take the next step in their relationship... But before that, the Queen has a mission for them. She sends them to the pope, who has both Louise and Tiffania become holy maidens. And with all the interruptions around, by both friends and foes, Louise and Saito's love will be tested to the limit. (Source: ANN) In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout daily life. Sora Yuuki is a 14-year-old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform. According to Amazon Japan, a two-volume OVA series "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" was announced.  "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" is an RPG game on PlayStaion Portable released in 2011. Cinque returns to the land of Flonyard in Dog Days' to resume his duties as the hero of the Biscotti Republic and it's as though he never left! The difference this time is that he's brought two friends with him who become heroes in their own right: childhood best friend Rebecca Anderson, who becomes the hero for the Principality of Pastillage at the urging of their leader Princess Couvert Eschenbach Pastillage, and his cousin Nanami Takatsuki, who becomes the hero for the Galette Lion Dominion. As with the first season though, with so many secrets to be uncovered and mysteries to be solved, will there even be time for the athletic events that these three hyper and athletic teenagers love to participate in so much? In the city of Mitakihara, a girl named Madoka Kaname, along with her friend, Sayaka Miki, encounter a creature named Kyubey and are saved from witches by a magical girl named Mami Tomoe. Kyubey offers Madoka and Sayaka the chance to have any one wish granted in exchange for becoming a magical girl and fighting witches, whilst Homura Akemi, another magical girl who recently transferred into Madoka's class, is strongly against Madoka becoming one. Before Madoka can make a decision, however, Mami is killed by a witch, leaving Madoka too afraid to become a magical girl. Sayaka, however, decides to become a magical girl herself in order to heal the hand of her childhood friend, Kyosuke Kamijou. As Sayaka soon comes into conflict with another magical girl named Kyouko Sakura, they, along with Madoka, learn the shocking truth that their soul gems, the source of their magical powers, literally contain their souls. (Source: ANN) Though Sayaka Miki's wish was fulfilled, the unforeseen consequences that came with it overwhelm her, causing her soul gem to become tainted as she succumbs to despair and eventually loses her humanity. Homura Akemi reveals to Kyouko Sakura and Madoka Kaname the ultimate fate of magical girls: once their soul gem becomes tainted, it transforms into a Grief Seed, and they are reborn as witches—a truth Homura learned only through repeating history countless times in a bid to prevent Madoka's tragedy. Kyuubey only compounds their despair when he confesses his true intentions: to harness the energy created from magical girls and use it to prolong the life of the universe. As the threat of Walpurgisnacht, a powerful witch, looms overhead, Homura once again vows to protect Madoka and the world from a grim fate. Caught between honoring Homura's wish and saving the world, which one will Madoka choose in the end? Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica Movie 2: Eien no Monogatari is a story of inescapable destiny, and an unlikely hero who could change it all. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The film revolves around a mysterious girl named Éclair who appears before Fairy Tail, the world's most notorious wizard's guild. She lost all of her memories, except for the imperative that she must deliver two Phoenix Stones somewhere. The stones may spell the collapse of the magical world, and Natsu, Lucy, and the rest of the Fairy Tail guild are caught up in the intrigue. (Source: ANN) Once upon a time, there was a kingdom of fairy tales called "Märchenland," where many fairy tale characters live together in joy. Suddenly, the evil emperor Pierrot made an invasion on Märchenland, sealing its Queen in the process. To revive the Queen, the symbol of happiness called Cure Decor, "the Queen's scattered power of light of happiness," is required. To collect the Cure Decor, a fairy named Candy searches for the Pretty Cures on Earth. There, Candy meets a girl, who decides to collect the Cure Decor. Now, will the world earn a "happy ending"? In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere are dressing up and acting as their favorite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself. On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fu-Chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fu-Chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city! To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fu-Chan, all 28 Pretty Cures gather once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine. Some people suddenly find religion, but for 16-year-old Kusanagi Godou, it's that REALLY old time religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, Godou's stuck with the unwanted position of Campione!, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Heretical Gods whenever they try to muscle in on the local turf. Not only is this likely to make Godou roadkill on the Highway to Heaven, it's also a job that comes with a lot of other problems. Like how to deal with the fact that his "enhanced status" is attracting a bevy of overly-worshippy female followers. After all, they're just there to aid him in his demi-godly duties, right? So why is it that their leader, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Blandelli, seems to have such a devilish interest in encouraging some VERY unorthodox activities? Get ready for immortal affairs, heavenly harems and lots of dueling deities taking pious in the face as the ultimate smash, bash and thrash of the Titans rocks both Heaven and Earth. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a dimwitted Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines. However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members: Pink Oomiya. Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world. (Source: ANN) The story of the new film is set in Sweetsland, a country next to Jewelland. Ruby and the other Jewelpets are celebrating the birthday of the princess with dancing. However, during the preparations for the birthday party, a mysterious object appears from the skies. In the object is a Sweetspet boy, whose identity is unknown. (Source: ANN) Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) The Nagoya Keirin Golden Dolphin Competition is a bicycle race—specifically a Japanese style track cycling event held in a velodrome—and this year's 62nd annual competition will be supporting areas affected by the 2011 earthquake. An anime clip was created as part of a promotional campaign. Yoshino Takigawa, an ordinary teenager, is secretly dating his best friend Mahiro's younger sister. But when his girlfriend Aika mysteriously dies, Mahiro disappears, vowing to find the one responsible and make them pay for murdering his beloved sister. Yoshino continues his life as usual and has not heard from Mahiro in a month—until he is confronted by a strange girl who holds him at gunpoint, and his best friend arrives in the nick of time to save him. Yoshino learns that Mahiro has enlisted the help of a witch named Hakaze Kusaribe to find Aika's killer and of the existence of an entity known as the "Tree of Exodus." The witch's brother selfishly desires to make use of its power, in spite of the impending peril to the world. However, Hakaze is banished to a deserted island, and it is now up to Yoshino and Mahiro to help her save the world, while inching ever closer to the truth behind Aika's death. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A world where the existence of magic has been known for a century as a mysterious power to rival science. However, the discovery of MISO — the Material of an Impediment to the Sorcerer's Orders — made magic into not a special power, but a technique that can be raised. One morning, while Shōta Hacchōya (a high school boy attending a magic academy) was tasting miso soup, a princess of Majieeru suddenly breaks in. Majieeru happens to be the birthplace of magic. (Source: ANN) Dispersed around the world, there are several bizarre labyrinths hiding incredible treasures within them. These mysterious places, known as "Dungeons," are said to be the work of Magi, a class of rare magicians, who also help people build their empires by guiding them to a dungeon. Djinns, supernatural beings that rule over the labyrinths, grant successful conquerors access to their immense power and choose them as potential king candidates to rule the world. Having spent life in isolation, Aladdin, a kind and young magician, is eager to explore the world upon finally leaving his home behind. He begins his journey only accompanied by his mentor Ugo—a djinn that Aladdin can summon with his flute. However, Aladdin soon becomes friends with the courageous Alibaba Saluja after causing the destruction of a local merchant's supply cart. In order to pay for the damages, Alibaba suggests that they attempt to conquer the nearest dungeon, taking the first step in an epic adventure that will decide the fate of the world itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Original anime that aims to teach English with cute girl characters. The movie transports the Precure into a world inside a picture book, where they are guided by Nico, a mysterious inhabitant of the picture book world. An unaired OVA episode of Kore wa Zombie Desu ka? of the Dead . It is the 11th episode and was bundled with the sixth volume of the manga. Doujinshi anime Blu-ray Disc offered at the Comic Market 82 event on August 2012. Summary and commentary for each episode by the main characters Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In 1945, Yoshika Miyafuji, who lost her witch powers during the Strike Witches' last assignment, has been studying to become a doctor. Shizuka Hattori, one of her cadets in the Imperial Fuso Navy, then arrives to deliver a message: Yoshika is to be transferred for study abroad in Europe. (Source: Kadokawa) OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. In the scientifically advanced Academy City, a miracle is about to occur: the completion of the world's first space elevator, "Endymion." Meanwhile, a certain high school student, Touma Kamijou, and his companion Index are going about their daily lives when they encounter and befriend Arisa Meigo, a cheerful and ambitious singer. When strange occurrences begin taking place throughout the city, they lead to the discovery of an intricate plot surrounding Arisa and Endymion. Things only get more complicated when the Stiyl Magnus appears, signifying that the magical world is somehow involved too... [Written by MAL Rewrite] The young girls of Mitakihara happily live their lives, occasionally fighting off evil, but otherwise going about their peaceful, everyday routines. However, Homura Akemi feels that something is wrong with this unusually pleasant atmosphere—though the others remain oblivious, she can't help but suspect that there is more to what is going on than meets the eye: someone who should not exist is currently present to join in on their activities. Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica Movie 3: Hangyaku no Monogatari follows Homura in her struggle to uncover the painful truth behind the mysterious circumstances, as she selfishly and desperately fights for the sake of her undying love in this despair-ridden conclusion to the story of five magical girls. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In her admiration of Shiny Chariot, a famous witch renowned for her unorthodox yet enchanting spells, Kagari Akko, an ordinary girl, joined Witch Academia in the hope of someday becoming as spectacular as Shiny Chariot. She is determined to become a graduate of Witch Academy and make her dream come true despite not being from a lineage with witchcraft and wizardry. The story takes places when Akko, along with her two best friends, Lotte Yansson and Sucy Manbavaran, take their first lessons to become witches; however, Akko is furious when she finds out that Shiny Chariot is not as popular in the world of the witches as she had thought. Illyasviel von Einzbern is an ordinary elementary school student who becomes a magical girl when the magical Kaleidostick Ruby deems her a more suitable master than the sorceress, Rin Tohsaka. Rin, who had been tasked by the wizard Zelretch to collect the seven Class Cards containing the spirits of Heroic Spirits from legend, finds that she is unable to change Ruby's mind and must supervise Illya in completing the task of collecting the Class Cards. During Illya's adventures, she receives a friend and rival in a girl named Miyu, the contracted master of the Kaleidostick Sapphire, which similarly abandoned its original master and Rin's rival, Luvia Edelfelt. (Source: Wikipedia) Fifteen-year-old Izumiko Suzuhara just wants to be a normal girl, but that is easier said than done. Raised in a shrine deep in the mountains, she grew up extremely sheltered and painfully shy. She also has the unfortunate tendency to destroy any electronic device simply by touching it. Despite this, she still wants to try and change her life. To mark her determination to follow through on this transformation, Izumiko begins by cutting her bangs, which shocks both her classmates and protectors. And that's only the start! Her guardian, Yukimasa Sagara, forces his son, Miyuki, to come to the mountain shrine and become Izumiko's lifelong servant and protector. Too bad Izumiko and Miyuki cannot stand each other. They have known each other since they were children, and Miyuki bullied her terribly. He simply does not understand what is so special about Izumiko. His father calls Izumiko a goddess, but that cannot be true…can it? Will Izumiko and Miyuki work past their differences? Is she actually a literal goddess? Find out in RDG: Red Data Girl ! Based on a manga "Noroiya Shimai" written by Hirarin and serialized in Monthly Comic Ryuu. It is a story about a pair of sisters who work as "noroiya" (cursers) using magic in a fantasy world. One day a big tree suddenly appears in a forest, and tall buildings that look like they are from our world can be seen entangled in it. The two sisters go there to investigate and get ported to our world. They then encounter two children who are startled by the sisters' sudden appearance and rush back home but at home they see their parents turned into monsters... (Source: MAL News) Uzume Uno is a young student and former champion of a trading card game competition. She is trusted with a special device containing five powerful Fantasista Dolls. These dolls are sentient virtual beings who reside in cards which are now controlled by their new master, Uzume. (Source: ANN) Aida Mana is a girl who is always eager to do things for the sake of others. One day, when she was visiting the Clover Tower during her school's orientation program, an enemy who called themselves "Selfish" appeared suddenly, and tried to manipulate her inner heart! To fight this enemy, she borrowed power from a magical fairy Sharuru to transform into Pretty Cure! To protect the peace of the world, other legendary Pretty Cure soon joined her in battle! A mysterious baby also appears, making each day a "Heartthrob" experience! The 4 Cures, always holding "love" in their hearts, are battling for the world's fate! (Source: Asahi TV) One day, the Pretty Cures receive an invitation to a party in their honor. Everyone is heading to the party venue, the school of fairies, but awaits a mysterious shadow. The shadow steals transformation objects! What can they do? If the Cures can not be converted are in big trouble! If this continues, the school, our world and everything else will deborado by that shadow! The 32 Pretty Cures will fight to protect everyone! (Source: Wikipedia) In the blink of an eye, thirty thousand bewildered Japanese gamers are whisked from their everyday lives into the world of the popular MMORPG, Elder Tale, after the game's latest update—unable to log out. Among them is the socially awkward college student Shiroe, whose confusion and shock lasts only a moment as, a veteran of the game, he immediately sets out to explore the limits of his new reality. Shiroe must learn to live in this new world, leading others and negotiating with the NPC "natives" in order to bring stability to the virtual city of Akihabara. He is joined by his unfortunate friend Naotsugu, having logged in for the first time in years only to find himself trapped, and Akatsuki, a petite but fierce assassin who labels Shiroe as her master. A tale of fantasy, adventure, and politics, Log Horizon explores the elements of gaming through the eyes of a master strategist who attempts to make the best of a puzzling situation. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Mana is given a wedding dress which was worn by her mother and grandmother. All of sudden a mysterious man named Matthew appears and takes her to the past world. Mana is so glad to meet her grandmother and her beloved dog Maro that she had a long time ago, but she can't find two of her best friends Rikka and Alice. It looks her precious memories have been changed somehow. If things continue as is, the future will be ruined, too. The Precure girls have to fight to protect their memories and future!! (Source: Crunchyroll) The series focuses on the main heroine Chiari Tsukikage and her friends on managing the Jewelpet Cafe. One day at the magical world of Jewel Land, Lady Jewelina entrusted Ruby the Magical Jewel Box with a mission to make friends and collect Magic Jewels. At the same time she needs to attend the Jewel Academy to do so and open a shop called the Jewelpet Cafe. However with her friends, things didn't go well as planned with several failed mishaps happened to her and the students being scared, in the point of Ruby giving up. But when she met a young girl named Chiari Tsukikage and decides to help, Ruby's life is about to change forever. Now, she and her friends now must work together for the cafe to prosper, stick together through good and bad luck as well as protecting the Jewel Box from being stolen. (Source: Jewelpet Wikia) This special is showing a day of Eclair's life as a prologue to the movie Houou no Miko. Since ancient times long past, this world has been ruled by two tarot cards. Diablos Tarot—The tarot of the devil that feasts on the souls of living humans and uses that nourishment to bring countless pain and suffering. Elemental Tarot—The tarot that draws its energy from the power of nature in order to oppose the Diablos Tarot. Girls chosen from 22 different bloodlines become the wielders of the Elemental Tarot, plunging themselves into this secret battle. To maintain the balance of this world, while carrying unbearable guilt... Are they executioners? Or saviors? This is the story of the long, long battle fought by girls who cannot escape the fate they bear. (Source: ANN) The story is set in Aquafall, a fantasy world abound with water and greenery, and populated by dragons and fairies. Meteorites suddenly bring forth evil creatures that threaten all living things on the planet. The fairy Syrup assembles the Aquafall Defense Force, with three girls of the dragon clans as recruits. The story follows Syrup and the dragon girls Leviathan, Bahamut, and Jörmungandr as they work together to battle enemies and grow up. (Source: ANN) Kanon spin-off OVA bundled with vol. 22 of the Kami nomi zo Shiru Sekai manga. (Source: Weekly Shonen Sunday) During the events of the original Rozen Maiden , after circling "yes" on a paper and agreeing to wind an unknown  "something," a traumatized Jun Sakurada fights alongside the lifelike dolls known as the Rozen Maidens. But what would have happened if Jun had circled "no"? Jun, having gotten over his school trauma from his younger days, spends his time attending college and working in a bookstore. However, he does not feel as though he belongs anywhere. One day, he finds a book containing instructions on how to make a Rozen Maiden. Mysteriously, when he arrives home that night, the second volume in the book series has been delivered to his house, along with some pieces of a doll. But as suddenly as they started arriving, the books stop coming, and Jun gets a notice that says that the books have ceased being published. With an incomplete doll in hand, and a message from his other self in another world, this Jun also finds his way into the world of the Rozen Maidens. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt—a mysterious country ruled by magicians—to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin's words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively. Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon... [Written by MAL Rewrite] In a town far away, Lucy, Natsu and Happy, from Mashima's Fairy Tail manga, are on a mission to find a troublemaker and deal with her. Due to unknown circumstances they get separated. The same happens to Elie and Haru, from Mashima's Rave Master manga. Lucy and Elie manage to meet each other and together they try to find their respective partners. In a town where humans and demons co-exist, it takes more than a normal police force to maintain the peace. Enter the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office, a fantastic foursome of unique teenagers, each gifted with an amazing super power! "Tsuki ni Naku" will take the story content from volume 11 of the manga, which features a visit to a onsen by the members of the Hiizumi Life Councelling Office, while the town's police force have to deal with a new youkai-hunter threat. This OVA is bundled with the limited edition of the manga (14th, 15th, and 16th). Movie for the Shimajirou children's series. A special animated movie to commemorate the 100th anniversary of "Morinaga Milk Caramel". Specials bundled with each of all five Blu-ray/DVD volumes. The story centers around Ribbon-chan, a girl struggling with English who becomes a magical girl when she makes a contract with a self-described familiar named Toner. She aims to become a super heroine who can fill the Tokyo Dome arena with her singing and dancing. (Source: ANN) A new special mini corner airing after the rebroadcast version of TV series. Special episode included with the Blu-ray box set of the original Jewelpet Tinkle anime series. Amane Todoroki is a young girl who is straightforward but also unthinking. She will try her very best in everything and say, "I don't know how to answer you if you ask me whether this can be done. I just believe it can. If not, then nothing will get started!" She easily gets stuck in her thinking, but she can also get easily moved at something small and start crying. (Source: MAL News) Bonus animation featuring Index-tan included with the BD special edition of the Toaru Majutsu no Index: Endymion no Kiseki movie. Unaired 14th episode of Genei wo Kakeru Taiyou, broadcast on Nico Nico and included in the 4th Blu-ray and DVD volumes. It shows Akari and Fuyuna's lives prior to the main series as well as how Luna got started as a magical girl. Recap of the first six episodes of Log Horizon, aired between episode 6-7. Glico, the prominent food manufacturer best known for its pretzel stick snacks Pocky and Pretz, has long relied on its classic running man character and real-life celebrities to promote its products. Now it has finally bowed to prevailing trends and introduced two moe-style anime characters to broadcast its message. Lico and Gli are twin brother and sister magicians dedicated to making the world tastier. A newly posted music video has Lico sing (via Vocaloid) about granting everyone's wishes with her sparkly magic. (Source: ANN) Mattsu and Yamma are two boys who live in Matsuyama. Their favourite pastime is looking for "the seven wonders of Matsuyama". One day, two men appear. What are the 7 hidden gems that they seek? Moburi, a high school girl who is like an older sister to the boys, also gets caught up in the adventure as this thriling story set in Matsuyama begins. Faced with all kinds of trouble, what will they choose for the future of their city? (Source: Official Site) The kingdom of Gemini is attacked by the evil Queen Halle. The twin princesses of the kingdom are missing, so is the important Night Star Box, which has affected planets including Earth. The fairy Queen had sent Prince YouLe and Sally to Earth, looking for the Night Star Box with the help of Maggie and Michelle. Then the gang found out one of the girls who takes dance lessons with Maggie and Michelle is one of the missing princesses, BeiBei! The mission to find the Night Star Box and the the still missing princess, YaYa, is now on the shoulder of the fairies. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited) A short animation celebrating White Day. A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] OVAs bundled with volumes 42, 43 & 46 of the Aa! Megami-sama! manga. OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com) Though a little clumsy and easily brought to tears, Usagi Tsukino is a typical 14-year-old girl in her second year of junior high. However, all of that changes when an encounter with Luna, a mysterious talking black cat, whose head bears the mark of a crescent moon, results in the animal bestowing a magical brooch upon her. Now Usagi can transform into Sailor Moon, a magical girl in a sailor uniform who protects love and peace! Usagi is appointed as a guardian of justice and is tasked with the search for the legendary Silver Crystal, a magical artifact that holds immense power, as well as finding the other Sailor Guardians and the lost princess of Luna's home, the Moon Kingdom. Her mission isn't without opposition, however; Queen Beryl, ruler of the Dark Kingdom, wants to claim the Silver Crystal and take its power for her own. Though she still has to worry about her school, family, and love life, it is up to Sailor Moon and the other Sailor Guardians to save the day! [Written by MAL Rewrite] In the blink of an eye, thirty thousand bewildered Japanese gamers are whisked from their everyday lives into the world of the popular MMORPG, Elder Tale, after the game's latest update—unable to log out. Among them is the socially awkward college student Shiroe, whose confusion and shock lasts only a moment as, a veteran of the game, he immediately sets out to explore the limits of his new reality. Shiroe must learn to live in this new world, leading others and negotiating with the NPC "natives" in order to bring stability to the virtual city of Akihabara. He is joined by his unfortunate friend Naotsugu, having logged in for the first time in years only to find himself trapped, and Akatsuki, a petite but fierce assassin who labels Shiroe as her master. A tale of fantasy, adventure, and politics, Log Horizon explores the elements of gaming through the eyes of a master strategist who attempts to make the best of a puzzling situation. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt—a mysterious country ruled by magicians—to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin's words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively. Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tatsuko of class 5-1 is really excited about the upcoming school sports festival, her proposal for a new "Eel Scooping" event is less than enthusiastically received though, especially by Suzuka. Illya mentions the main event dance to Miyu, and as teacher Taiga Fujimura points out, it entails a huge reward, but will require quite a bit of practice. And so the close friends: sarcastic Nanaki, level-headed Suzuka, excitable Tatsuko, energetic Illya, shy Mimi, and reserved but athletic Miyu are off to win the dance event for the honour of their class and for Fujimura, who seems to have some saucy bet going on that she most definitely needs to win, or so the girls misunderstand. (Source: AniDB) The world as we know it is actually just half the story, as Takeshi Nanase finds out abruptly one summer morning. On his way to kendo practice, Takeshi comes across an unconscious girl in a uniform he doesn't recognize. Takeshi does the decent thing and saves her, and in return the girl wakes up and accidentally turns him into a magic-user. As Takeshi finds out, there is the world he lives in and the world of magic users. Most magic users just want to peacefully coexist with non-magicians, but there are some with bigger ambitions. Mui Aiba is a magician enrolled in the Subaru Magic Academy, where magic users can learn to control and channel their powers and how to live in peace with regular humans. After his fateful encounter with Mui, Takeshi and his newly magician friends Kurumi Isoshima and Kazumi Ida decide to enroll in the Magic Academy as well. All three friends have different reasons for fighting on, whether they're fighting to escape the past or catch up to the future. They wield different kinds of powers, which they must learn to harness in order to fight off the Ghost Trailers, a group of magicians who are willing to use violence to assert their superiority over humans. Pursued by the Ghost Trailers, Takeshi and his friends must train to become stronger, face the leader of the Trailers, and prevent the beginning of the Second Great Magic War. The story takes place in Tokyo in 2018, where normal humans and those who can use magic coexist. As a result, there are laws against using magic, and a "magic courtroom" exists to preside over lawsuits regarding magic use. In these cases, "Benmashi" or wizard barristers defend those who use magic. The anime follows Cecil, the youngest Benmashi in history, and her associates as they defend clients in these cases. (Source: ANN) The magical girls are back, and ready for another round of adventure! After successfully recovering the Class Cards, fifth graders-turned magical girls Illya and Miyu think they can finally take it easy. But as fate would have it, the girls are once again called back into active duty when they find out that the Cards have left some very nasty side effects on their world. However, their seemingly easy mission goes totally awry with the appearance of a dark stranger who looks just like Illya! Who is this new but familiar face, where did she come from, and what does she want from Illya? With the arrival of this new foe, it seems like Illya's finally met her match when her everyday life takes one dark turn! (Source: Crunchyroll) In the dawn of the 21st century, magic, long thought to be folklore and fairy tales, has become a systematized technology and is taught as a technical skill. In First High School, the institution for magicians, students are segregated into two groups based on their entrance exam scores: "Blooms," those who receive high scores, are assigned to the First Course, while "Weeds" are reserve students assigned to the Second Course. Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei follows the siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, who are enrolled in First High School. Upon taking the exam, the prodigious Miyuki is placed in the First Course, while Tatsuya is relegated to the Second Course. Though his practical test scores and status as a "Weed" show him to be magically inept, he possesses extraordinary technical knowledge, physical combat capabilities, and unique magic techniques—making Tatsuya the irregular at a magical high school. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Pretty Cure All Stars New Stage 3: Eien no Tomodachi is the sixth of the Pretty Cure All Stars crossover movie series featuring all current Pretty Cure characters and the last of the "New Stage" film, including the 16th movie of all Pretty Cure movie series. (Source: Pretty Cure Wikia) Honoka Takamiya was perfectly happy with his completely average and normal life. His primary problem in life was the fact that he shared a school with the school's "Princess," Ayaka Kagari. Both girls and boys fawn over her which makes Honoka's life difficult since he rides the same bus as her in the morning and sits next to her in class. What's worse is that if he even idly interacts with her her fan club takes him out back and beats him up! One day while taking out the trash he looks up to see a school building falling on top of him! He is saved at the very last moment by the very same beautiful girl, Ayaka, that he's never even had a full conversation with. She finally speaks to him, revealing that she's been protecting him in secret, but now that someone is attacking him directly she no longer needs to do it covertly. It turns out that Ayaka is a fire witch and there are other witches in the world who want to capture Honoka and use him for the power that he possesses inside of him. In the story, the Illusionary Empire led by Queen Mirage has begun attacking Earth. The Precure teams that are on every continent of the world fend off the rampaging Saiaaku, and word spreads on global television news about the Precure girls who fight for humanity. "Precure" becomes a common word throughout the world. (Source: ANN) "Mahou Shoujo Taisen" is a project created from a variety show for the Otaku "2.5 Chigen TV" (2.5 Dimension TV). The characters are the mahou shoujo that represent each local town in Japan. The characters that won from the second illustration competitions that were held on pixiv will appear in the anime. (Source: MAL News) Thousands of years ago, the ancient dragon Bahamut wrought havoc upon the land of Mistarcia, a world where both gods and demons live amongst mankind. Working together to prevent the world's destruction, the rival deities barely managed to seal Bahamut, agreeing to split the key between them so that the dragon would remain eternally imprisoned. With the world safe from the destruction of Bahamut, it is business as usual for bounty hunters like Favaro Leone. Living a laid-back, self-serving lifestyle, the amoral Favaro goes about his work while on the run from fellow bounty hunter Kaisar Lidfard, a righteous man who swears vengeance upon Favaro. However, Favaro's carefree life is thrown into chaos when he meets Amira, a mysterious woman who holds half of the key to the world's fragile peace. Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis tells the story of a group of unlikely heroes who find themselves caught in the middle of an epic clash between gods and demons, forced to carve their own path in the face of the imminent storm. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Magic is what makes the fictional world of Earth-land go 'round, and its many mage guilds work together—or sometimes against one another—to bring balance to that world. Each guild flaunts unique features in hopes of being the best guild on the planet. Lucy Heartfilia, a 17-year-old girl, is desperately searching for the perfect guild. After running from her father, she wanders the city in search of Gold Keys, for they unlock the Celestial Spirits that are so vital for her magic. With so many wizards around, it's a journey that's very challenging and dangerous to go alone. Yet a fateful encounter with Natsu Dragneel (a wizard who largely resembles a dragon) leads her to a guild known as Fairy Tail , which soon becomes her new home. Her happiness amongst new-found friends is overshadowed by the evil powers of malicious guilds and the mysterious dark wizard Zeref. Their lives are about to take an unexpected turn as they battle evil, fight for their guild, and uncover fragments of their past. It will shake the foundations of who they are as people, and help explain why Earth-land has fallen into this state to begin with. Not so long ago, mysterious structures called dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned. In a Parthevia port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kanie Seiya, a smart and extremely narcissistic high school student, believes that the beautiful but reserved Sento Isuzu has invited him on a date at an amusement park called Amagi Brilliant Park. Much to his chagrin, not only is the location a run-down facility, the supposed date is merely a recruitment tour where Sento and Princess Latifa Fleuranza, the owner of the theme park, ask him to become the park's new manager. Their cause for desperation? As stipulated in a land-use contract, Amagi has less than three months to meet a quota of 500,000 guests, or the park will be closed for good and the land redeveloped by a greedy real-estate company. Seiya is won over by the revelation that Amagi is no ordinary amusement park; many of its employees are Maple Landers—mysterious magical beings who live in the human world and are nourished by the energy created by people having fun. Entrusted with the hopes and dreams of this far-off enchanted land, Seiya must now use his many skills to bring Amagi back on its feet, or watch it crumble before his eyes. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Holy Grail War is a battle royale among seven magi who serve as Masters. Masters, through the use of the command seals they are given when they enter the war, command Heroic Spirits known as Servants to fight for them in battle. In the Fifth Holy Grail War, Rin Toosaka is among the magi entering the competition. With her Servant, Archer, she hopes to obtain the ultimate prize—the Holy Grail, a magical artifact capable of granting its wielder any wish. One of Rin's classmates, Emiya Shirou, accidentally enters the competition and ends up commanding a Servant of his own known as Saber. As they find themselves facing mutual enemies, Rin and Shirou decide to form a temporary alliance as they challenge their opponents in the Holy Grail War. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia) The film's story is set in the Doll Kingdom where dolls reside. Happiness Charge PreCure are asked to help by a women named Tsumugi when the sudden appearance of Saiarks begin wrecking havoc upon the Kingdom. However all is not what it seems with the mysterious man Black Fang dwelling in the shadows. (Source: ANN) In Garo: Honoo no Kokuin , Makai Knights and Alchemists, those who are able to keep supernatural enemies at bay, are feared and hated in the kingdom of Valiante. Encouraging this fear is the king’s trusted advisor, Mendoza, who convinces him to launch an all-out purge. Those of Makai blood are hunted and imprisoned or burned at the stake for so-called witchcraft. However, a dark omen is cast over Valiante when the execution of the last “witch” ends in the birth of her child who is saved from the flames by his father, a Makai Knight. German spirits the baby Leon away from Valiante and raises him as a Makai Knight of the Garo armor. Now, they have been recalled to Valiante by the ever-increasing swarm of Horrors preying on unsuspecting civilians. With no Makai Knights left to defend them, the people are desperate. In answer to this desperation, Valiante’s Prince Alfonso sets out for help. How will these two sides clash? Will Leon and German be able to save their homeland? Veteran gamer Shiroe and other players have been trapped in the world of the online game Elder Tales for six months. The once chaotic city of Akibara has regained its everyday hustle and bustle following the formation of the self-governing organization Round Table Meeting. The earthlings, who are originally from the game world, have gained the trust of Shiroe by waging a defensive war against the Goblins in Zantleaf Region. This has led Princess Rayneshia of the Cowen family, the highest-ranking Earthling Aristocrats, to live in Akibara. It's almost winter and the Adventurers are thinking about what they're going to do and what their goals are in this other world. Will they remain in Akibara or go to the city of the West? Or will they travel to the land of the North or another faraway country? The opinions of the Adventurers begin to diverge. What adventures await the members of the Shiroe team in this second series of Log Horizon? (Source: NHK Enterprises) Special introduction videos posted on the official website. Specials included in Blu-rays/DVDs of Witch Craft Works . Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic.  Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land.  After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief. Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes. (Source: ANN) Shibaki is a high-school boy whose only interest is girls. Except he's been branded as the most perverted boy at school and the girls avoid him like the plague. One day he finds a book in the library about how to summon witches. He tries it as a joke, but it turns out to be the real thing. An apprentice witch named Rurumo appears to grant him a wish. Shibaki helps Rurumo and she in return refuses to take his soul. (This part of this story happened before the start of chapter 1) When the story starts, Shibaki wishes he could see Rurumo again. His wishes are granted immediately as Rurumo falls from the sky and crash lands in front of him. He finds out that as punishment for not taking his soul she's been busted down to an apprentice demon. Now, she must complete the task of getting Shibaki to use up 666 magic tickets that grant wishes before she can become a witch again. However, what she doesn't know is that each time he uses a ticket it shortens his life. When the last ticket is used up, Shibaki will die. Shibaki knows this because Rurumo's familiar black cat Chiro tells him as part of the "contract" for giving him the tickets. Now, Shibaki has a choice, make a wish and help Rurumo become a witch again or resist the temptation and try to save his own life. (Source: jCafe24) Sanae has now left the countryside to view the tourist wonders of the Ibaraki prefecture. Villains are still after her so her agriculture magic powers still come in hand. Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series. “Awaken now, Kasuga Arata.” With those words, Arata’s uneventful, carefree life ends forever. A black shadow covers the sun and Arata’s entire town is reduced to rubble, all the people in it spirited away by the blackness of the sun in an event called a "breakdown phenomenon". As Arata’s memories come flooding back, he realizes he’s been living inside an illusion created by a powerful book of spells. Lilith Asami, a mage dispatched to investigate the phenomenon, gives Arata two choices: hand over the book, or die. Arata chooses the third option: enrolling in the top-secret magic school Royal Biblia Academy. Waiting for him at the academy are seven beautiful magic users, the Trinity Seven , each with her own power and skill. With so many women surrounding him, there are plenty of opportunities to have some silly perverted fun. But it’s not all fun and games for Arata. Spurred on by the memory of his cousin and childhood friend Hijiri Kasuga, Arata will stop at nothing to stop the destruction of the world and bring his best friend back. Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01 . Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News) An anime adaptation of the game for mobile devices Chain Chronicle . Features eight short episodes that introduces the story, setting, and characters. What does it mean to be a hero? Yuuki Yuuna thinks she knows. As part of the Hero Club in her middle school, Yuuki always does her best, wants to help others, and strives to bring smiles to people's faces, no matter who they are. But Yuuki is about to become a much bigger hero. Mysterious and powerful forces are approaching and threatening to destroy the world Yuuki knows and loves, and it's up to Yuuki and the Hero Club to stop them. Together with her companions, Yuuki uses a special phone app to transform into a magical girl and battle against strange beings called vertices. In between studying and putting on shows for kids, Yuuki has to fight for the very existence of her world. Can five middle school girls really stop the vertices from entering their home world and destroying it? To celebrate the ten years of Kazuma Kamachi's professional career as a writer, Dengeki released a video showing the main cast of Kamachi's works as they gather for the 10th anniversary event. (Source: Toaru Majutsu no Index Wiki) Fuyuki City—a city surrounded by the ocean and the mountains becomes the setting for an age-old ritual. To realize the mythical Holy Grail, which is said to grant any wish from its possessor, seven masters are given seven heroic spirits chosen by the Grail. These heroic spirits or servants are: Saber, Lancer, Archer, Rider, Caster, Assassin, Berserker. Each master will enter into a contract with their assigned servants and battle the other masters and servants to the death until only one pair remains... This is the "Holy Grail War." This story focuses primarily on the heroine Rin Toosaka. After her father's death, Rin enters the Holy Grail War as the sole heir to the prestigious Toosaka Household, with her servant Archer. But, she soon finds out that Shirou Emiya, a boy from her high school has gotten himself involved in the battles and unexpectedly saves him when he is fatally injured. (Source: Aniplex USA) The land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace for years among Humans, Elves and Evil beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But the Black Dragon begins to stir from its hibernation, sending the Beasts marching across Altera. With a beast conquest perilously close, a small group of Humans and Elves unite to try to find a secret hidden road to the Black Dragon's cave and destroy it. But the fate of all of them may be in the hands of the young warrior Lambert, who must summon the confidence and skill to face the Black Dragon himself just when all may be lost. (Source: Official site) The sequel will focus on the islands west of the city. (Source: ANN) The OVA will be pre-sold during the Comiket 87 starting on December 28, 2014, regular retail distribution of the limited edition package will start on January 30, 2015. Yoji and Kei, a boy and girl,  live in a town in the not-so-distant future with their foster parent, Anna. But these seemingly ordinary children have a secret hidden even from their unsuspecting mother. Yoji and Kei are superhero defenders of their town! With a flap of their capes, the two of them and their robot bear sidekick,  Oscar, protect the citizens in their town with their handmade high-tech machinery. But from what menace? And will our little heroes be able to overcome the  crisis about to threaten the town's peaceful everyday serenity? Check out this utterly electrifying near-future animation to find out! (Source: Official website) An adventure by Il-ho the Satellite Girl and a shy cow to save the world from a black monster. "The Satellite Girl and Milk Cow" is a debuting animation by Jang Hyeong-yoon who is also known as the 'genius director' for his achievements in the omnibus movie "Indie Anibox: Selma's Protein Coffee" and others. (Source: HanCinema) Recap of the first six episodes of Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis . Episode 2.5 of "A Summer Day's Dream" series of anime shorts based on the Touhou Project shooter game series. A brand new picture drama made for the BD Memorial Box set of Creamy Mami. The cast is put into a Cinderella story. In a future not too distant from ours, Nanagoo City is a beautiful city in Japan surrounded by mountains and ocean-sides. The sensitive, adolescent girls who live there are each opening up doors to their own, unique possibilities. No one wants to forget the path they take to adulthood. (Source: ANN) Cinque Izumi, Nanami Takatsuki, and Rebecca Anderson must once again embark on a journey to the continent of Flonyard and participate in the friendly war games of the three allied nations: Biscotti Republic, Galette, and Pastilage. Cinque is Biscotti’s hero, who also happens to be the cousin of Galette’s hero Nanami. Rebecca is Pastillage’s hero and a dear friend of Cinque. Dog Days'' begins in the human world. Rebecca prepares her things for her journey back to Pastilage from Japan. Meanwhile, Cinque and Nanami set out to travel to Biscotti and Galette, respectively, all the way from England, when suddenly, a freakish streak of bad luck—in the form of lightning, of course—sends them off course. They soon find themselves in the great Dragon Forest, protected by a Dragon Priestess named Sharu. The Dragon Priestess informs them that demons threaten to invade the forest, as well as the whole continent of Flonyard! It looks like a real war is about to begin in Dog Days'' . Can these three heroes save the whole continent from these evil beings? The sky is the limit in Houkago no Pleiades . With telescope in hand, Subaru is set to go to the observation room of her school in order to get a view of that night's meteor shower. What she least expects is that behind the observatory door was not the starry skies, but a lavish garden, complete with a resplendent fountain and a mysterious young boy with long red hair. But the garden soon disappeared, as if Subaru was only imagining things. All that remains of that brilliant sight is an odd, bouncing blob creature that leads her to another magical door, occupied by other girls in magical witch-like costumes. Revelations start hitting Subaru one after the other: one of the girls in the room is her childhood friend Aoi, the little blob is actually an alien of a species called the Pleiadians trying to return home, and Subaru has been selected by him to become the newest member of their group! Now Subaru's dreams of the stars have come true in the wildest way, as she and her friends attempt to gather pieces of the Pleiadian spacecraft engine to return the being to his home. But they're not the only ones after the engine parts, and they have no idea why! Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series. You can tell witch training is not going swimmingly for the young sorceresses Akko, Lotte, and Sucy—they face expulsion for screwing up one class too many, and their only way out is if they successfully organize their academy's annual parade through a nearby town. But when they stumble upon the momentous discovery that the objective of the parade is to humiliate witches and commemorate their past subjugation, Akko decides it is time for a change: It is time to show the world how fantastic modern witches truly are! However, with the other girls struggling to keep up with Akko's grandiose ambitions, and everything from mischievous boys to slumbering giants getting in their way, maybe pulling it off will require not only all the magical prowess the pupils of Luna Nova Magical Academy can muster, but also a miracle. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Magic is what makes the fictional world of Earth-land go 'round, and its many mage guilds work together—or sometimes against one another—to bring balance to that world. Each guild flaunts unique features in hopes of being the best guild on the planet. Lucy Heartfilia, a 17-year-old girl, is desperately searching for the perfect guild. After running from her father, she wanders the city in search of Gold Keys, for they unlock the Celestial Spirits that are so vital for her magic. With so many wizards around, it's a journey that's very challenging and dangerous to go alone. Yet a fateful encounter with Natsu Dragneel (a wizard who largely resembles a dragon) leads her to a guild known as Fairy Tail , which soon becomes her new home. Her happiness amongst new-found friends is overshadowed by the evil powers of malicious guilds and the mysterious dark wizard Zeref. Their lives are about to take an unexpected turn as they battle evil, fight for their guild, and uncover fragments of their past. It will shake the foundations of who they are as people, and help explain why Earth-land has fallen into this state to begin with. Not so long ago, mysterious structures called dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned. In a Parthevia port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia) In Garo: Honoo no Kokuin , Makai Knights and Alchemists, those who are able to keep supernatural enemies at bay, are feared and hated in the kingdom of Valiante. Encouraging this fear is the king’s trusted advisor, Mendoza, who convinces him to launch an all-out purge. Those of Makai blood are hunted and imprisoned or burned at the stake for so-called witchcraft. However, a dark omen is cast over Valiante when the execution of the last “witch” ends in the birth of her child who is saved from the flames by his father, a Makai Knight. German spirits the baby Leon away from Valiante and raises him as a Makai Knight of the Garo armor. Now, they have been recalled to Valiante by the ever-increasing swarm of Horrors preying on unsuspecting civilians. With no Makai Knights left to defend them, the people are desperate. In answer to this desperation, Valiante’s Prince Alfonso sets out for help. How will these two sides clash? Will Leon and German be able to save their homeland? Veteran gamer Shiroe and other players have been trapped in the world of the online game Elder Tales for six months. The once chaotic city of Akibara has regained its everyday hustle and bustle following the formation of the self-governing organization Round Table Meeting. The earthlings, who are originally from the game world, have gained the trust of Shiroe by waging a defensive war against the Goblins in Zantleaf Region. This has led Princess Rayneshia of the Cowen family, the highest-ranking Earthling Aristocrats, to live in Akibara. It's almost winter and the Adventurers are thinking about what they're going to do and what their goals are in this other world. Will they remain in Akibara or go to the city of the West? Or will they travel to the land of the North or another faraway country? The opinions of the Adventurers begin to diverge. What adventures await the members of the Shiroe team in this second series of Log Horizon? (Source: NHK Enterprises) Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic.  Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land.  After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief. Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes. (Source: ANN) Years ago, humanity almost got wiped out by huge magical armored insects that had become too strong and aggressive to handle. Because of these giant bugs, humans do not live on the earth anymore, but in floating cities instead. However, this does not mean that everything is lost, because the wizards from prestigious floating wizard academies are fighting these monsters. Kanata Age is a young man now labelled as a traitor even though he was once praised as the "Black Master Swordsman." He gets a chance to repair his reputation by instructing the team E601, which seems to be facing some difficulties. It consists of three girls, Misora Whitale, Lecty Eisenach, and Rico Flamel, each with problems of their own. It appears that Kanata will get in deep waters more than once because of them... Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01 . Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News) Set four years after StrikerS, Nanoha finally has time to get off her feet. Now explore the Nanoha world in Vivio Takamichi's shoes and her device, Sacred Heart. (Source: Dynasty Scans) Based on the manga by the same name by Hiroyama Hiroshi, itself a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. Note: Bundled with the limited edition of the sixth Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma Illya 3rei!! magical girl manga volume. (Source: AniDB) Maria is a powerful young witch living with her two familiars in medieval France during the Hundred Years' War against England. As the war rages on and the innocent get caught in its destruction, Maria becomes fed up with the situation and begins using her magic to try and prevent further conflict in hopes of maintaining peace. However, her constant intervention soon attracts the attention of the heavens, and the archangel Michael is sent to keep her from meddling in human affairs. The divine being confronts Maria, and he forbids her from using her powers, issuing a decree that her magic will be taken if she loses her virginity. Though she is now labeled a heretic, Maria adamantly refuses to heed Michael's warning and continues to disrupt the war between the two nations. But as the Church begins plotting to take away the witch's power and put a stop to Maria's interference once and for all, her peacemaking may soon come to an end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based on the Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma☆Illya 2wei! manga by Hiroshi Hiroyama, which is a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. Why should girls get to have all the fun? These magical boys are here to save the world from the loveless... at least that's what the pink wombat who gives them their magical powers wants them to do. In Binan Koukou Chikyuu Bouei-bu Love! , the main characters are the members of the "Earth Defense Club" at the Binan High School, though all they really want to do is hang out, goof off, and relax at the nearby Kurotama Bath. One fateful day, though, a pink wombat appears out of nowhere and forces these five high school students to become "Battle Lovers" and protect Earth from a trio of villains who are taking orders from a green hedgehog. Over the course of the series, the Battle Lovers will take on a variety of fiends, including the chikuwabu monster, a chopstick phantom, a monster remote control, and plenty more strange enemies! Will the heirs to the throne of love be able to protect Earth from those who want to destroy love? Or will the Earth Conquest Club fill the world with hate? Arata is set to be expelled! The only way to save himself is to be taught more about the magic archives from the Trinity Seven themselves. An ancient legend states that with the revival of the Demon God, six heroes—the Braves of the Six Flowers—will be chosen by the Goddess of Fate, granting them power to rise up against the fiends attempting to turn the world into a living hell. Adlet Mayer, self-proclaimed "Strongest Man in the World," has arrived at the continent of Piena in hopes of becoming a Brave. Although it doesn't go as smoothly as he had planned, Adlet is ultimately chosen as one of the six heroes shortly after being greeted by Nashetania Loei Piena Augustra, crown princess and fellow Brave. Rokka no Yuusha follows the two as they embark upon their destined journey to fight the Demon God, intending to meet up with their fellow heroes at a small temple outside of the Land of the Howling Demons, the fiends' domain. However, when they finally unite, seven heroes are present, and soon the others begin to suspect Adlet to be a fraud. Now on the run, Adlet must utilize his unique skill set and wit in a fight for his life to identify which member of the group is the true impostor before it's too late! [Written by MAL Rewrite] New Precure All Stars movie. Heian-kyou, capital and the center of elegant, aristocratic culture, is heavily guarded by a spiritual force field -- or so it seems. In reality, onmyouji (court magi who create the spiritual force field) can only defend the palace located in the northern part of the city; in downtown, monsters known as "horror" that feast upon human souls roam after sunset. There are, however, a group of heroes protecting commoners from "horrors" in darkness. (Source: ANN) Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end! In the midst of the Fifth Holy Grail War, Caster sets her plans into motion, beginning with the capture of Shirou's Servant Saber. With the witch growing ever more powerful, Rin and Archer determine she is a threat that must be dealt with at once. But as the balance of power in the war begins to shift, the Master and Servant find themselves walking separate ways. Meanwhile, despite losing his Servant and stumbling from injuries, Shirou ignores Rin's warning to abandon the battle royale, forcing his way into the fight against Caster. Determined to show his resolve in his will to fight, Shirou's potential to become a protector of the people is put to the test. Amidst the bloodshed and chaos, the motivations of each Master and Servant are slowly revealed as they sacrifice everything in order to arise as the victor and claim the Holy Grail. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Recap of the first two seasons of Dog Days series narrated by Mikako Takahashi. Aired simultaneously with the first episode of the third season. The final hour of the popular virtual reality game Yggdrasil has come. However, Momonga, a powerful wizard and master of the dark guild Ainz Ooal Gown, decides to spend his last few moments in the game as the servers begin to shut down. To his surprise, despite the clock having struck midnight, Momonga is still fully conscious as his character and, moreover, the non-player characters appear to have developed personalities of their own! Confronted with this abnormal situation, Momonga commands his loyal servants to help him investigate and take control of this new world, with the hopes of figuring out what has caused this development and if there may be others in the same predicament. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Part 1, Cure Flora to Itazura Kagami , is a dialogue-less story featuring Cure Flora and a mischievous ghost in a mirror. Part 2, Pumpkin Oukoku no Takaramono , features the four Precure girls from Go! Princess Precure trying to rescue a princess who is held captive. Part 3, Precure to Refi no Wonder Night! , is set when the Night Kingdom lost its daytime. The Precure team fight to take the daytime back alongside the princess Refi. (Source: Crunchyroll, Edited) The story follows the adventures of rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, her long-best human friend Airi Kirara and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewel Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. To restore people's belief in magic, Jewelpets transform into humans to study more about them. (Source: ANN, edited) To help the fairy Queen find her disappeared friend Melody, who was a skillful music fairy from the Music Castle, Sally, Maggie, Michelle and Beibei encountering nine musical magicians and fighting with dark musical witch Voiceless. Sally and the fairies suspect that Melody is connected with the dark power behind the scene. While, what is the truth? (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia) The first half of the episode recaps the first episode of the first season and the second half is all new animation setting up for the second season as the characters go to cities rather than being out in the countryside. The story follows the everyday life of Somera Nonomoto who can use the strongest kenpo, Nonomoto Mahou-ken, which is inherited from her mother with her younger sister Kukuru. (Source: Crunchyroll) Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN) Specials bundled with limited edition Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya 2wei Herz! . Recap of the Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha ViVid TV anime. Specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Overlord featuring simplified character animations. Included with the second Blu-ray box set for the series, the short adapts "sunny day," an alternate "good" ending to the "Unlimited Blade Works" route from the original Fate/stay night game. Extra episode of Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei: Yoku Wakaru Mahouka! included in the BD/DVD. Picture dramas bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes. Special episode delivered to customers who pre-order all six Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Dog Days'' . A short four-minute concept film that served as a surprise unveil at Studio SHAFT's 40th anniversary event in Winter 2015, Madogatari. The concept movie is the core of a new Madoka Magica project, and serves as its trailer. The second short was later screened in Osaka, with the difference being a replacement of several imageboard segments. Unaired episode included in the eighth Blu-ray and DVD volume. Ema visits Tina's house after a long time. While singing and spinning yarn, Tina and the children spend a peaceful time together. She had the power to spin the yarn which once carried magic power brought by her foster father, Natoria. (Source: Official Twitter)
