Oraku is a lucky man. He has a comfortable job teaching at a local High School. He has Satsuki, a fellow teacher whom he hopes to marry someday. He has Aya, a beautiful student who has fallen in love with him. He has Aya's father, a wealthy man who wants so much for his little girl to be happy that he has sent her to live with Oraku. Oraku is a very lucky man. Of course Aya loves nothing more than to come on to Oraku by lounging around his apartment half naked. Unfortunately for Oraku, Aya's father happens to be wealthy because he is a major crime boss, and he will have Oraku slowly murdered if Aya doesn't remain absolutely pure. Now Oraku must not only restrain himself, but also protect Aya from the hordes of men and woman at school who'd love to get their hands on her body. And of course, if Satsuki or any of the other teachers find out that Oraku is living with one of his students, he will be permanently dismissed from the teaching profession! Oh yes Oraku is lucky... (Source: AniDB) Unaired episodes of Seihou Bukyou Outlaw Star included in the eighth and twelfth volumes of the VHS. A catastrophic earthquake has left Tokyo, and most of the Earth for that matter, under the sea. Aika is a salvager who retrieves various remains from the watery ruins. When Aika accepts the dangerous mission of locating and obtaining the mysterious Lagu, she discovers that she's not the only one after it. Follows the exploits of Team Warrior, a special anti-terror wing of the Neo-Tokyo Police force. Team Warrior is comprised of the habitually broke Rio, gun-crazy Maya, computer specialist Lillica, tech-expert Nanvel, piliot/voyeur Yuji, and is led by the enigmatic Maki. The team faces a number of missions, ranging from bodyguard duty, breaking up robbery and arms rackets, and providing security for a very powerful tank. Rio and company continually thwart the terrorist aims of Ruby, an operative for a shadowy cabal of powerful men. Before the final showdown, the circumstances behind the formation of Team Warrior, how the precocious Rio came to join it, and Maki's painful past will be revealed. (Source: ANN) It's in the not too distant future. One day Nuku-Nuku dropped in and began to live with the Natsume family. Having lost her memory, Nuku-Nuku assumed the identity of a beautiful girl named Atsuko Higuchi. She was so beautiful and gentle, and besides, she was such a great cook that Ryunosuke, 14, was all smiles. However, after her arrival in town, a series of mysterious incidents started to happen in Maneki City - Experimental machines running haywire, roaring fighter aircraft flying low, mass destruction in the city. In every case, a mysterious girl was spotted at the scene of the incident. (Source: AnimeNfo) A bonus episode about Aika and company moving to a new office. With four-frame comic origins, this animated title preserves the same quick pace by following the regular cast of colorful characters through separate but interwoven story lines in every episode. From Ms. Shitara's relentless but always ineffective sexual pursuit of young Takagi to the adventures of the heroicly stupid but cute Sushi Cat, you will be mystified at the silliness of it all but find yourself laughing for the same reason! (Source: AniDB) Yume de Aetara is a story about one guy Fuguno Masuo (a complete loser when it comes to relationship with women) and two girls: Shiozaki Nagisa and Hamaoka Miho. Since the story is pretty simple (and hilariously funny), further explanation will spoil everything (take the hint: watch it yourself!) (Source: AniDB) The sixth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Futarigurashi follows an aspiring erotic mangaka named Kenji Aoyama. In order to pay rent his friend's younger brother, Hikari Satou, offers to become his roommate. However it turns out that "he" in almost every way is a girl! The series revolves around Kenji and Hikari getting involved with various women. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Kunyan lives her crazy life of misadventures from episode to episode. This comedy series is accompanied by a narrator who scientifically explains all that happens to her. Ebichu the hamster seems like the perfect house pet: she cleans, shops, cooks, does laundry, and anything to please her master, known only as "Office Lady" (OL). Unfortunately, OL and her unfaithful boyfriend, combined with Ebichu's uncontrollable exuberance and love for ice cream, often earn her severe and bloody punishment. However, Ebichu doesn't seem to mind the abuse if she achieves her goal of making her beloved master a little bit happier. (Source: IMDB) Ruthless sorcerer Chivas Scotch is hired by a count named Cuttlefish to destroy an evil monster attacking a nearby village. But things go awry when Chivas fails to destroy the monster and he's forced to transfer his spirit in the body of his beautiful servant Gin Fizz. (Source: ANN) Dokkiri Doctor special. Also known as Episode 27. 10,000 years ago, acting as judge, jury and executioner, Dangaizer sealed the fate of mankind by reducing it to ashes. Slowly, mankind rebuilt their civilization and once again stands at its peak. Hiding amongst the survivors of mankind, the evil organization of Goma lies in wait for the return of Dangaizer. This time, it’s a race to stop the awakening of the 3 that can pilot Dangaizer and subjugate the world to their rule. Will the 3rd pilot learn her true destiny and awaken in time, or will the world find a new destiny in the hands of Goma? (Source: AniDB) At a high school that sits in front of the ocean, three unpopular pubescent guys, Abe, Nagaho, and Mita, spend more of their time goofing off at the beach than studying. Of course, surfing always comes first, but their other adventures on the beach and search for girls are a source of non-stop laughter. (Source: AniDB) Follows the story of the manga of the same name where a a high school boy finds a room for a boarding house that only costs 30,000 yen a month (about 300 USD). But there's a catch. Based on the game by ELF. 16-year old Keisuke Saji loves to fantasize about young beautiful women. He hopes to land the object of his affection, Koizumi Akira. However, Koizumi hates Saji (as well as all men) to the point of assault. While most guys take Koizumi's cold shoulder as a hint, Saji pursues head-on without having rejection faze him. (Source: Wikipedia) Paraila was an agent for a war organization in the space, but suddenly the supreme court of planets accused her of betrayal and she was forced to be a fugitive to escape from jail. Now she forms a team with a clueless school teacher, a bazooka lover girl and Paraila's former sidekick. They will battle against Paraila's enemies, and try to go to earth to escape from space justice. (Source: ANN) The seventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The adventures (and misadventures) of men staring, peeking, glancing, looking, and glaring at women and their efforts to get that extra eyeful of harmlessly exposed panties, bras, and occasional cleavage. Following at most, a few regular males and the outrageous consequences of their actions. (Source: ANN) Based on the manga by U-Jin. For young men like Kei, life is still plagued by nothing but homework and girl trouble. When an unknown force besieges Earth with robotic war machines, however, it is Kei who is chosen to defend the human race. In Vandread , men are from Mars and women are from Venus! Well, not quite. Technology has allowed mankind to colonize the entire Milky Way galaxy, and in one star system, the men and women live on two different planets, Taraak and Mejere. A bitter and very literal gender war rages, to the point where they don't even see each other as the sames species anymore! Hibiki Tokai, a male third-class laborer from Taraak, ends up stuck on a battleship after a botched attempt at stealing a robot. When female pirates capture the Taraakian Vanguard, things don't look like they could get any worse for Hibiki. Unfortunately, they do; when the male crew of the Vanguard fire on their captured vessel out of desperation, they created a giant wormhole, which sucks the Vanguard and the Mejeran pirate's ships into itself! Now, stuck far away from their home planets, these men and women must learn to work together if they ever wish to make it back home. Keitaro Urashima promised a girl when he was young that they would meet up again at Tokyo University in the future. Sadly, in the National Practice Exam, Keitaro ranked 27th from the bottom. Knowing his grandmother owned a hotel, Keitaro intended to stay there while continuing his studies for Tokyo U, only to find out the hotel had long been transformed into an all-girls dormitory. Through an odd twist of fate, Keitaro eventually became the manager of the dorm, beginning his life of living with 5 other girls. Twenty-four-year-old Kirara is on her way to her wedding when she is killed in a car accident. However her love for her fiance is so strong that she is permitted to return to earth as a ghost to see him. But she is sent back 8 years in time, to when she and her fiancé first met. However her own meddling in the past may make her 16 year-old-self turn away from her would-be fiance. Saotome Kazuya is a computer whiz. One day his friend Nanbara, threatens him with a computer virus. Trying to stop the virus, Kazuya ends up making a special order. May is a cyberdoll that arrives at his door a few minutes later and she is 1/6th the size of a normal person, which makes for many awkward situations. Not to mention the fact Kazuya can't even afford to keep May. Cyberdyne is not satisfied with Kazuya's non-payments and will do anything to retrieve CBD May. (Source: ANN) Meet Galan, a Russian spastic geek who`d do anything to be a real, live samurai. But that`s just an impossible dream... or is it? When his friend Natsu, who is a successor of Japanese emigrants family, gives him the gift of an ancient sword, strange events unfold, and even stranger people drop out of the sky to attack. Now Galan must overcome his ineptitude and join a bunch of beautiful women in a wacky romp through a kingdom that time forgot. Hey, what could be better? (Source: AniDB, edited) Spoiled rich girl Yao Sakurakouji decides to join the Miami police force to enjoy car chases, gunfights and wanton destruction. The psychotic and not-too-bright Yao is partnered with Lu Amano, the soft-spoken and sharp-tongued daughter of the police chief. Together the dirty duo clean up the streets of Miami and take on a mysterious crime syndicate known only as 'The Organization'. (Source: ANN) The Nohara family is on a cruise heading towards a tropical island when suddenly the ship is invaded by a large group of monkeys. The simians capture all adults and take them to a nearby isle while leaving all children behind. It is up to Shin-chan and his friends to find and save the grown-ups. (Source: ANN) Vandread The First Stage (season one) was immediately followed up by this TV special. This TV special, also known as Vandread Taidouhen Stage (The Movement Stage) was a recap of the first 13 episodes with additional footage. So, Vandread Taidouhen is not really a bridge between Vandread The First Stage and Vandread The Second Stage (season two). It was made to bring new viewers up to date as to what happened during the first season (Source: AniDB) Though Hibiki and crew defeated a super-huge battleship of the earth in the last of the first stage, they noticed five battleships further aiming at Mejeiru and Tarahk. And, crew of NIRVANA learnt Tarahk and Mejeiru which were their home had been faced to the crisis of Karitori (reaping). Travel to their home is speed up so that they may inform of the crisis. On the way, current information of the earth having been brought by girl Misty who had come to travel with them was worse than they can imagine. Hibiki and crew noticed a true fight was in the future. VANDREAD is finally changed into final system by the attack of the enemy who becomes violent more and more. Can they save their home? And, what happens to the relations between Hibiki and Dita? (Source: AnimeNfo) Special episode. As the 21st century approaches, a new 20th-century museum has opened in town, for the adults to relive their childhood. However, the owners of the museum seem to have other plans for it. The adults start to behave strangely, and one morning, they abandon their children for the 20th-century museum. Shinnosuke, along with his friends, must now rescue his parents and stop the world from returning to the 20th century before they get captured. (Source:  ANN) Vesper is a secret agency fighting an army of alien invaders by using super-powerful battle androids. Mahoro is Vesper's most powerful battle android and has won many battles, but she has little operating time left and soon will cease to function. However, if she lays down her arms and conserves her remaining power, the time she has left can be prolonged to just over a year. Mahoro is given an opportunity to live the remaining time she has as a normal human. She chooses to live as a maid for Suguru, a phenomenally messy middle school student who lives by himself after his family passed away. (Source: ANN) Najica Hiiragi, perfumer and secret agent, is sent out on a number of recovery missions to round up rogue humaritts, androids with combat abilities. Najica is assigned a humaritt partner, Lila, whom Najica is to groom as an agent and receive assistance from along the way. As Najica grows to accept Lila, each new mission they embark on reveals more and more about the capabilities and mysterious origins of the humaritts. (Source: ANN) Love Hina Final Selection, tells the story of Love Hina. Then gives Keitaro's final selection of girl, for those unfamiliar with Love Hina, Keitaro is the main character, surrounded by girls in an all girl dorm, he is 20 unlucky and eventually becomes a cool, respected hero to the girls, they all end up having a crush on him and he must choose, this OVA features his decision. After losing his mother, 14-year-old Taro journeys to Tokyo to live with his grandfather. But he gets the biggest surprise when he discovers that his grandfather's home is a huge mansion with hundreds of beautiful maids ready to serve him. Making matters worse (at least for Taro, but not for our viewing) is that not only does he inherit the Hanaukyo mansion, he gets the services of all of the maids 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. (Source: ANN) Recap episode. In this three-episode OVA, Taro learns more about Cynthia`s life as herself and her alter-ego Grace. He also undergoes training with his bodyguard Konoe. And finally, Ikuyo dupes Taro in spending a whole day disguised as a maid. (Source: ANN) Mikami Inaba was fighting a person from another school on her school's rooftop. As they fought, her friend Haru appeared. Seeing Mikami distracted, the man charged at her, causing both of them to break the nearby rabbit cages & fall off the roof. As Mikami fell, she desperately grabbed the rabbit. Suddenly, a flash or pink light appeared. Mikami fused with the rabbit, and gained another personality, called Mimika. Now, Mikami only appears when various people threaten her and her friends. Otherwise, she takes on the form of Mimika. (Source: ANN) Vandread Gekitouhen (Vandread Turbulence), similiar to Vandread Taidouhen, is an OVA summary of Vandread the Second Stage plus several extra scenes (Source: AniDB) UFO Princess Warukyure, aka UFO Princess Walkyrie is about a princess from outer space who accidentally crashes on earth, where Kazuto desperately tries to maintain the public bath of his grandfather. Due to circumstances, Kazuto receives part of princess Walkyrie's soul which forces her to stay there with him. But that's not the only problem ... because her soul lost strength, the princess transforms both mentally and physically into a little kid! (Source: AniDB) Fubuki Sakuragasaki is a powerful gamer who, with the power of her Passion Panties, climbs up the ranks of the BAG (Best of Arcade Gamer) tournament to become the greatest Arcade Gamer in the world. However, the evil Gulasic Group is out to conquer the world through said tournament, and their gaming skills will prove to be a challenge. Fubuki must team up with the legendary Mr. Mystery to combat the four Gods of Gaming and make the world of arcade gaming safe for all. (Source: ANN) Keitaro has finally passed the entrance exams, and is officially a Toudai student. But after breaking his leg in an accident in the entrance ceremony, he thought and re-evaluated himself. Having new goals, Keitaro follows Seta on an overseas archeology trip. During his absence, however, all was not well in Hinata Lodge. Urashima Kanako, Keitaro's sister, arrives on the scene. She claims to be the new manager of Hinata Lodge starts to go against all the tenants. Things become even more complicated when they recieve a letter from Keitaro. The tenants and Kanako made a big mess trying to get the letter, but Seta's car crashes in before anyone could read the letter... Iwaki Tomonori is an average 15-year-old boy who likes older women. He happens to have a crush on his teacher, but soon thereafter, learns she has become engaged. He heads home brokenhearted, only to find a 12-year-old girl named Rizel at his home, who he learns the Japanese government has married him to against his will. Furthermore, he learns Rizel is no ordinary girl; she is a biochemically engineered human, and her creators (her "papa"s, as they are often referred to) promise to waive multiple bills of Iwaki's parents in exchange to be allowed to stay at their house, and thus Iwaki's life with Rizel begins. After fighting in numerous interstellar wars, mankind forms the Galactic Union to bring stability and to prevent conflicts between different planets. However, disputes between members of the union itself persists. In the Star Century year 0165, the Galactic Organization of Trade and Tariffs (GOTT) was formed. This organization utilizes the superpowered ES taskforce to maintain order. Eclair and Lumiere are two low-ranking ES members who carry out missions for GOTT. However, as they begin to see more and more of the galaxy, they soon realize that what they know about GOTT, the Galactic Union, and even themselves might not be all there is to it... (Source: ANN) As the relationship between Mahoro, Suguru and his classmates develops further, another android girl enters their lives and becomes attached to Mahoro. All the while, the number of days before Mahoro is to shut down decreases steadily. (Source: ANN) Childhood friends Arumi and Sasshi are residents of the Abenobashi commercial district in Abeno-ku, Osaka. After an accident, they find themselves transported to an alternate sword and sorcery world. Their attempt to get back to reality finds them traversing a series of nonsensical worlds built on science fiction, war, fantasy, dating sim games and American movies. Each alternate Abenobashi is a surreal manifestation of Sasshi's otaku interests, populated by analogs of the protagonist's relatives and acquaintances and a blue-haired stranger known as Eutus. (Source: Wikipedia) Oomura Takeshi is one unlucky fellow. He has has this case of bad luck ever since he was little. One day, while on his normal runs with bad luck, he meets an Angel named Elle, and he finds out that his father wished the curse of bad luck upon him. Takeshi has the oppurtunity to pass on the curse, but accepts it to save a young girl. For his noble act, Elle becomes human and lives with Takeshi to protect him from the curse, which is something Takeshi isn't particularly happy with. (Source: ANN) Makoto and Yura Onoda are a newly-wed couple with zero sexual experience. Yura is a shy and naive 25-year-old woman whose good looks grab men's attention, something that she dislikes because she gets embarrassed very easily. Her husband Makoto is of the same age, but as opposed to his wife, he loves having dirty thoughts about other women. Physically though, Makoto is truly faithful to Yura. Both of them may be virgins, but now that they are married, they are ready to dive into the world of sex, "practicing" as often as possible. However, the world of sex is complex, so they need all the help they can get to find their way through it. Thankfully, their friends, acquaintances, and porn media lend them a helping hand. Kei and Mizuho are having some marital difficulties, and Mizuho's family decides it's high time for a visit. (Source: ANN) Mahoromatic Season 2 Special. When computers start to look like humans, can love remain the same? Hideki Motosuwa is a young country boy who is studying hard to get into college. Coming from a poor background, he can barely afford the expenses, let alone the newest fad: Persocoms, personal computers that look exactly like human beings. One evening while walking home, he finds an abandoned Persocom. After taking her home and managing to activate her, she seems to be defective, as she can only say one word, "Chii," which eventually becomes her name. Unlike other Persocoms, however, Chii cannot download information onto her hard drive, so Hideki decides to teach her about the world the old-fashioned way, while studying for his college entrance exams at the same time. Along with his friends, Hideki tries to unravel the mystery of Chii, who may be a "Chobit," an urban legend about special units that have real human emotions and thoughts, and love toward their owner. But can romance flourish between a Persocom and a human? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Hanaoka high school is an all girls' school, and the girls were pretty excited when they heard that boys were admitted into their high school. Smart and elegant boys, that's in their fantasy. However, in reality, the boys who were actually admitted are from the countryside and not smart at all, leave alone being elegant. And in fact, two of them are dirty perverts... Meet Chako and her friends from the Cosplay Association at East Oizuki Academy! They're the hottest new cosplay team in Japan...fresh from a winning streak of local battles, they're set to sweep the Cosplay World Series! Yeah, right. In reality, Chako and her friends are barely able to keep their club alive at all. Feeble club membership and a lack of sponsorship might be the end of their cosplay dreams before they can even start. But don't you dare underestimate this group of spunky girls! They'll survive a barrage of pervy newcomers, cosplay rivalries, costume disasters and dating mishaps in order to reach their ultimate goal of competing in the World Series. The clothing flies as the girls suit up (and strip down) for Cosplay Complex! (Source: DVD Back Cover) Around the the 37th year of the Meiji Era (1904), in the midst of the Russo-Japanese war, the small Japanese army, in need of assistance, uses its special flying (thanks to a benevolent demon) ship, the Amanohara, to attack Russia's major base at Port Arthur (Lushun). Umakai Shintaro, a Russian diplomat originally from Japan, defects and goes to Sapporo to teach at a girls academy. However, that girls academy is not typical—it is on board the Amanohara, and the five girls Shintaro teaches are known as the Raimu Unit—girls with the ability to summon powerful beings to fight for them. Shintaro eventually becomes their teacher and general in battle, and so the six embark on a weird and excessively erotic journey, as Shintaro helps the girls overcome their weaknesses, become stronger for the final stand at Lushun, and also understand the motives of the "Russian Spiritual Corps" that assist the opponent, which, unfortunately, has one member whom Shintaro knew well... (Source: ANN) Five years ago, while battling an alien force known as the "Mimesis," Dannar pilot Goh Saruwatari first met Anna Aoi. Today, on the day of their wedding, the ceremony is interrupted when the Mimesis strike again. As Goh struggles in his battle against the alien threat, Anna stumbles upon a top secret robot known as the "Neo-Okusaer" and uses it as a last-resort to save her fiancee. At that moment, Dannar and Neo-Okusaer merge to become the mighty robot "Godannar." (Source: ANN) Hideo Ozu is an editor in a shady adult video company. For years, he has dreamed of being a motion picture director while his childhood friend Mai Kurosawa has become an upcoming actress. Then one day, his dreams are shattered when Mai takes all of his amateur videos of her and tells him to get out of her life. On his way home after a few drinks, Hideo bumps into Cyberdoll Sara, who makes him mark an invoice. When he arrives at his pad, Hideo is greeted by three Cyberdolls - Mai, Ai and Mie. All three of them happen to look like different age variations of Mai Kurosawa. And when Kurosawa announces the release of a biography video of her using Hideo's old footage, Hideo decides to start his directing dreams over again using his three Cyberdolls. (Source: ANN) A DVD recap episode of the Chobits TV series. Kanenone Gakuen is an all-male boarding school located in the countryside of Japan. Although an all-male school is nothing new, life can become quite difficult when there are no female students for miles around. In order to help the psychological health of everyone involved, the school board has decided to try and merge with the nearest all-girl boarding school in order to become co-ed. The boys of Kanenone are more than thrilled at the prospect, and the girls are curious as to how interesting school life might become if there were more boys around. Before any serious decisions are made, the girls have been invited to stay at Kanenone for one month as a test. Green Green follows Yuusuke Takazaki and his naughty room mates called the Baka (Idiot) Trio, and their ability to talk to the girls without making complete fools of themselves. But as soon as the school bus with the girls arrives, things become weird, hormonal, and hysterical. In particular, a girl named Midori Chitose leaps off the bus and immediately embraces a very confused Yuusuke. Is he a natural ladies' man, or do the two of them have a shared history that he is not aware of? These are DVD specials, which include some extra footage and music videos; Character DVD #1 - Midori & Reika Character DVD #1 - Midori Music Video Character DVD #1 - Reika Music Video Character DVD #2 - Futaba & Chigusa Character DVD #2 - Futaba Music Video Character DVD #2 - Chigusa Music Video Character DVD #3 - Sanae & Wakaba Character DVD #3 - Sanae Music Video Character DVD #3 - Wakaba Music Video In the world of Maburaho , everyone is born with the ability to use magic and are thus labeled magicians. However, the magical ability of each person is not equal. The number of times you can use magic determines the amount of respect you receive, and since one’s magical power is determined at birth by traits and genetics, those who have a bloodline stemming from famous magicians are highly sought after. Having the lowest magic count in Aoi Academy, Kazuki Shikimori is looked down upon by his classmates and seen as a nearly worthless magician. However, his bloodline consists of many great magicians throughout the ages, meaning that while he may not be a great magician, his offspring could be. This leads to him being sought after by three different young women: Yuna Miyama, a transfer student who declares herself his wife upon arrival, Rin Kamishiro, a prideful swordswoman of a traditional family who wants to kill him so she will be free to pursue her own desires, and Kuriko Kazetsubaki, a member of an influential family who bluntly tries to seduce him for his genes. Now he has to deal with not only the jealousy of all the guys in his school, but also various women chasing after him! Tsubomi is a savvy and horny school girl who works at a lingerie club, a gentlemen's bar where scantily clad young women serve drinks to the patrons. She is useless at her job but is blackmailing her boss so she won't get fired. One day she runs into a gorgeous young man who she takes to bed. She meets into a perverted talking cat with a butterfly on its forehead, who recruits her to be a magical soldier. She has to fight off a dominatrix elf woman called Beene, a minion of Regina Apis, a matriarch bent on chaos and forming her new Dynasty. Tsubomi is learning of her powers when she is rescued by an oddly familiar masked man, known only as Dandelion. The plot of this anime is completely farcical and parodies the magical girl genre and Sailor Moon in particular. (Source: ANN) A special included on the 7th DVD release, commonly known as "Episode 14". It features nudity and adult situations which were not present in the original series. In Ikkitousen , the Kanto region of Japan is locked in the middle of a turf war between seven different high schools. Among the students of these schools are a select few who are in possession of sacred beads. These magatama harbor the souls of warriors who fought during the Three Kingdoms Era of Chinese history. Not only are these students blessed with abilities that draw from the souls they are tied to, but they are also blessed, or maybe cursed, with the fates of these warriors from the past. One of these students is Hakufu Sonsaku; a young, caring, dim-witted girl who has recently transferred into Nanyo Academy and will be living with her cousin, Koukin Shuyu. Hakufu’s arrival creates an almost immediate sense of tension due to her power as a fighter and the possibility that she may be the one who carries the spirit of the Chinese warlord, Sun Ce. The most powerful fighters at Nanyo, known as “The Big Four” are shaken by her presence and determined to stop Hakufu from achieving the goal given to her by her mother: to conquer those who challenge her and unite the seven schools. Hatsuki is a highschool student living with her sister, Hatsumi, who she has a huge crush on. On Hatsumi's 16th birthday, she is suddenly surrounded by a green light and disappears in front of Hatsuki. She manages to follow Hatsumi with the help of a being resembling a fat baby chick (literally), ending up in a place called "The Great Library", which is full of different worlds stored in books. Hatsumi wasn't there, though, so the search for Hatsuki's great love begins and involves traveling from book to book. (Source: AniDB) Battle Programmer Shirase, also known as BPS, is a free programmer with super hacking abilities who doesn't work for money. What he does work for is certainly something that only people like him would appreciate. But, his demeanor certainly doesn't suit the jobs he is hired for. With the evil King of America causing trouble via the internet, Shirase is nothing but busy as each new adventure brings even more interesting people into the picture. (Source: ANN) Beautiful sisters Ai, Mai, Mii, their android maid Mea and slippery pet ferret Unagi make an amazing journey together through time and space without ever leaving their beloved mansion behind! Following the clues of the strange dandelion-like "Popotan," the girls are theoretically seeking the person who has the answers to their most personal questions, but they seem to have more than enough time to take side trips, meet new friends, visit hot springs and occasionally operate the X-mas shop they keep in the house along the way! Yet, the girls' ultimate destiny holds more than a few surprises of its own, and not every moment is filled with hilarity, as moving through time means having to leave friends behind as well. (Source: RightStuf) Teacher Sorata Muon carries on his family's centuries-old old tradition of being the master thief Mouse who can steal anything after properly alerting authorities of his intentions so they can be there yet fail to stop him. He is assisted by 3 nubile female assistants who also use the teaching cover and who, in typical Satoru Akahori, favor tight/skimpy/bondage outfits over their ample curves as they constantly pursue Sorata much more than he pursues them, although the girls do get some attention from their master. Not only is Mouse pursued by the girls & the local law enforcement authorities, there is also a secret art protection society employing the services of a former ally of Sorata's after his pretty little hide, all in 15 minute episodes. It's another normal day in the Misato residence when Mahoro finds yet another pornographic magazine in Suguru's room. This prompts her and Minawa to make a pact with Chizuko, Rin, Miyuki and Miss Shikijo to search and confiscate all of the perverted stash in the house. Suguru, Kiyomi and Toshiya must do whatever it takes to protect their treasure from the girls. (Source: ANN) To some people, Densuke Mifune looks like the luckiest man in the world. Thanks to a chance encounter with the brilliant, beautiful, busty, but extremely shy Chiharu Shinonome, Eiken: Eikenbu yori Ai wo Komete sees Densuke being forcibly invited to join the mysterious Eiken Club. Led by Kirika Misono, she recruited Densuke both for his completely boring, unassuming nature and his completely accidental groping of Chiharu’s chest. Despite the fact that he’s now surrounded by insanely busty women, Densuke can’t catch a break to save his life. All of his attempts to get closer to Chiharu end up backfiring, making him look like a deviant pervert. His situation is made more complicated by the rest of the Eiken Club’s overly sexual antics and Chiharu’s younger sister intentionally trying to get Densuke into some…compromising positions. It doesn’t help matters that Chiharu has expressed fondness for Densuke in return, but all of the accidental circumstances keep pushing her away. Densuke needs to act fast if he wants to find his way back into Chiharu’s good graces. A beauty like her doesn’t go unnoticed, and he may very well find that he’s not the only one trying to win Chiharu’s heart. Maya, Kurusu, and Chelsea hit it off really well when trying to get revenge on Guardian Hearts for making them suffer. Maya and company thought that Guardian Hearts usually appears when Kazuya is getting along with a girl. Not knowing that Guardian Hearts is actually Hina, they leave her alone with Kazuya in an attempt to lure Guardian Hearts. (Source: AniDB) The eleventh Crayon Shin-chan movie. The Nohara family is preparing for a yakiniku feast for the ages when a mysterious man bursts in and gets them tangled up in a gigantic mess. Framed for various crimes down to baby Himawari and the dog, they must now escape the droves of police and yakuza after them and make their way to Atami to solve the case. Based on long running manga by Tatsuya Egawa (Golden Boy). It tells the tale of final-year high-schooler, Murakami Naoki who falls for Mizuno Haruka as they make university entrance exams preparations. (Source: AniDB) The history is placed right after the -cliffhanger- end of Godannar when Anna looks surprised to see Mira driving the Neo Okusaer. (Source: AniDB) Koto unknowingly seals away the Sun Goddess Amaterasu, and now she is in a different world and can't return. Meeting priestesses who combat the evil in this strange place she learns that Black Towers throughout the land keep Amatersu sealed away and are guarded by evil monsters. Koto must now find a way to help defeat these monsters and return the world to the way it was. (Source: ANN) Saiki Misaki has been able to see ghosts since she was a kid. Now, working at an S&M club, her spare time goes to sending the spirits off to the other world by having to make them realize they're dead and have to leave. This would supposedly be a little bit easier if you didnt have a background of hardship and loneliness... and a perverted employer. (Source: ANN) A mysterious organization known as Panther Claw make their presence known by terrorizing Tokyo and giving the cops a run for their money. Police are further baffled by the appearance of a lone cosplaying vigilante who thwarts all of Panther Claw's evil schemes before disappearing. That cosplayer is Honey Kisaragi, the result of the late Professor Kisaragi's prize experiment. A master of disguise, Honey can magically alter her physical appearance and outfits. But with a push of the heart-shaped button on her choker, she transforms herself into Cutie Honey, the scantily-clad, sword-wielding warrior of love and justice. (Source: ANN) One day, seven shooting stars fell on to the ground. The shooting stars were colored by seven colors, and they had terrible powers. Those who took the shooting star were tuned into monsters by embodying their desires. Dr. Mishina and Dr. Kishiwada obtained the red, green, and blue stars secretly, and they studied the stars. Finally, they could successfully control their power by putting a special helmet on. The newly developed helmet, "Musumet", was as large as an automobile helmet. Putting Musumet on the head, it turned a person's body into the strongest one on the earth. Furthermore, it received the signal from the brain and amplified the inherent power and ability unlimitedly. To utilize the power of "Musumet", to keep the world peace, and to protect from the disasters caused by the remaining shooting stars, Dr. Mishima and Dr. Kishida founded a secret organization "MET". However, he died before he accomplished his aim. The bereaved daughters, Aoi, Midori, and Kurenai, made up their minds to become Musmet in order to execute the father's will. Even if they turned into Musumet, their wearing wouldn't change except helmets, gloves, and boots. Therefore, they had to go to the scenes wearing their own clothes. The girls had to go to the incident spots occasionally wearing school uniforms, occasionally gymnasium suits, occasionally swimming suits, depending the case, they had to go there even if they were naked, and they would do great jobs. On the other hand, at other times, they were ordinal adolescent girls who were dreaming of lovely meetings with boyfriends. Whether would they cope with the world peace and boyfriends at the same time? (Source: AnimeNfo) For some people, high school represents the opportunity for a fresh start. You can take new classes and make new friends. For Souichiro Nagi and Bob Makihara, though, high school means something different: the chance to become the top fighters in the entire student body! Too bad Toudou Academy is the hardest possible place to realize their dreams. Their new high school is no ordinary academic institution. Rather than concentrating on classic subjects like math and science, Toudou Academy was created for the sole purpose of reviving the martial arts in Japan! As a result, Souichiro's aspirations to become top dog are cut short when he runs afoul of Masataka Takayanagi and Maya Natsume. The two upperclassmen easily stop the freshmen duo's rampage across school, but rather than serving as a deterrent, it only stokes their competitive fire. What kind of monstrous fighters attend Toudou Academy? Are there any stronger than Masataka and Maya? And why in the world is Maya's younger sister stalking Souichiro? Learn the answers to these questions and more in Tenjou Tenge ! DVD only specials. DVD Special containing: Rhapsody of July (DVD Episode 2.5) If it becomes September (DVD Episode 3.5) Bitch Actress dropped into Hell (DVD Episode 5.5) History is Made Through Women (DVD Episode 9.5) Two bonus episodes that take place during the course of the series, approximately halfway through it seems. They are entitled 'Everything you always wanted to know about Nereids (but were afraid to ask)' and 'Heaven can wait for Maia Mizuki'. These stories are more lighthearted and comedic in tone, bordering on silly. On his 16th birthday, Tomokazu Mikuri had a realistic dream where he sees a girl battling a giant floating monstrosity. When he wakes up, he is surprised that the girl is actually sleeping next to him... Whenever he sleeps from now on, he ends up back at the dream world, and more and more people that he knows keep showing up there too. He finds out from a mysterious masked woman in the dream world named Silk that they are fighting against one named Faydoom, and he is the one who provides the powers to those girls so that they can fight these monsters. And so it goes... (Source: ANN) After battle in first season battleship Amanohara was serious damaged and need to repair. It land on island where a Gogyou festival just begin. Umakai Shintaro and his five girls student who know as Raimu Unit begin enjoy a peace time in that island. But the enemy still follow them around. How Umakai Shintaro and his five girls student fight against the enemy. Still his five girls student begin try to draw his attention into them. (Source: ANN) Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition: whenever girls touch him, or even come close, he breaks out in hives. Imagine his surprise, when he is suddenly transported to the city of Seiren on a mystic world invisibly orbiting the Earth, and populated with vast numbers of women and very few men. Fortunately, he has a new friend, Miharu-chan, whose touch inexplicably doesn't affect him. (Source: ANN) In the future, Japan is a wasteland. In the Great Kantou Desert, scattered humans seek out a living in the hot sand. Among them, a short-statured man they call "Sunabouzu" makes a living as a bounty hunter. Like a demon of the sand, he seems unbeatable. Yet, like all men, he has a particular weakness for the opposite sex... (Source: ANN) Naoto Ooizumi is the writer of the CosPrayers TV show, although this is a secret known only to the producer of the show, Mitsuki Ikuta. He has a crush on one of the actresses in the show, Natsumi Yagami. As the show proceeds so does their relationship, with many wacky twists and turns along the way. (Source: ANN) Rushuna is a blonde and very beautiful Senshi (gun expert) that travels through the world with one purpose. Which is to make the world a peaceful place by, instead of fighting with weapons, taking away the people's will to fight by giving them a smile. Although she doesn't want to fight, she is forced to, and shows amazing gun skills. In this journey she meets Yajirou, a mercenary that uses a sword to fight and joins her on her journey. (Source: ANN) There isn't a single person in Sakuradamon High who hasn't heard the legends about Seiji "The Mad Dog" Sawamura's demonically powerful right hand. His reputation makes it fairly difficult for him to approach girls, and after being rejected 20 times straight, he half-jokingly vows to finish high school with his right hand for a girlfriend. Much to his surprise, after waking up the next morning, Seiji discovers that his demon right hand has mysteriously turned into a miniature girl, Midori Kasugano, who reveals that she has had a crush on Seiji for the past three years. Because their situation is not ideal for either of them, Seiji attempts to return Midori to normal. But after causing a big misunderstanding at the Kasugano household, the pair decide to keep their predicament between them until a solution is found. Thus begins an odd relationship, and what could be the only chance for Midori to finally be with the one she loves. [Written by MAL Rewrite] This is the missing Hot Springs episode included in the unrated boxset of Maze: Mega-Burst Space. Before the beginning of the series, three OVAs were produced for the sole purpose of introducing the characters. The first two were released on DVD bundled with two drama CDs, with the third being sold separately. It is unknown if these will ever be released outside of Japan. The first OVA is a re-enactment of the first chapter, where Negi first learns of his job as a teacher and is introduced to the students of Mahora Academy 2-A. It ends with profiles of the Baka Rangers (Asuna, Makie, Yue, Ku Fei and Kaede) as well as Ayaka. Asuna is the only girl in the class that doesn't have romantic feelings for Negi. The second OVA is a re-enactment of the "love potion" incident of chapter 2, with profiles at the end of Nodoka, Konoka, the cheerleaders (Misa, Madoka, Sakurako) as well as Kazumi. The third OVA is a re-enactment of chapter 13: Negi's Mahora tour with the Narutaki twins. The tour shows Negi to several of the students (Yuna, Akira, Chao, Satsuki, Satomi, Chizuru, Natsumi, Zazie) as well as others that he ends up missing (Sayo, Evangeline, Chachamaru, Chisame, Misora, Ako). After being chewed out by Haruna for completely skipping her, a final scene introduces Setsuna and Mana, keeping watch from something on campus. (Source: Wikipedia) A TV series from Monkey Punch with a 1-hour premiere episode. Mankatsu will feature standard "Monkey characters" and ecchi-gags found in all Monkey Punch series. One year ago, a UFO containing 150 aliens crash-landed off the shores of Kasai. Because no one could fix their ship, the Japanese Government decided to bestow upon them the designation "DearS" and make them into Japanese citizens, teaching them the language, customs, and culture of Japan. However, in order for them to become more familiar with human society, a home-stay program has been enacted to allow them to mingle with other humans. One misty morning, a truck carrying a capsule that housed one of these aliens ends up dropping it into the riverbank, releasing her from her confinement. She is eventually found by a high school student named Takeya Ikuhara, who saves her from being hit by a truck and takes pity on her, despite being extremely distrustful of their race and wanting nothing to do with them. Upon being named Ren, she imprints upon him as her "Master" and serves as his personal "Slave," leaving him with a "DearS" who wants to remain with him no matter what and bringing his ordinary, alien-free days to an end. Continues from where Ichigo 100% TV leaves off and revolves around the filming of the movie based off Toujou's script. (Best if viewed after Ichigo 100% TV series and before the DVD Animation OVAs, although it was produced the year before the series came out.) After his mother passes away, Taro Hanaukyo is invited to his grandfather's home. There, he meets a beautiful maid named Mariel and finds out that his grandfather has retired to a remote island and has given him ownership of his estate. Taro also discovers that not only is the estate a colossal mansion, it has hundreds of gorgeous maids ready to serve him 24 hours a day, seven days a week. (Source: ANN) AD. 2023, Tokyo. Because of the change of the society such as internationalization and enlargement of the trading, the dark side of the society also continues changing. The criminals are getting deep, and their organizations are increasing its size, then the peace and security is getting worse. The government takes it seriously, and decides to introduce an innovative system. In order to cope with the special criminals, an extralegal police is founded. It is a special criminal team, Warriors, which consists of a few elite members. (Source: AnimeNfo) Shin-chan and his friends discover an abandoned movie theater where some sort of western film is being displayed to an empty room. Shinnosuke's friends mysteriously disappear thus making the Nohara family start searching for them at the location they were last seen. While looking for the other kids, the Noharas inexplicably find themselves taken into the movie being exhibited. (Source: ANN) Mitsuki Ikuta works for the Houchiku Corporation, making movies. To all who know her, she is perceived as being a very infantile woman, still wearing childish fashions. A fan of the detective movie genre, she suddenly finds herself chosen to be the main producer of a new film—but it's a "hero movie" (a genre generally considered childish). Determined to succeed, regardless, she takes on the job. (Source: ANN) 5 Dream Sequences, dubbed his Delusions. Wet dreams from the imagination of a healthy young male. 10-year-old Negi Springfield is a wizard-in-training, and needs only to pass one more test in order to become a Master Wizard. Unfortunately, his final task is a bizarre one—to become a English teacher at an all-females boarding school. As soon as he arrives, he completely embarrasses one of his students, Asuna Kagurazaka, and replaces the teacher she loves, which garners her hatred. To make matters worse, Asuna learns that Negi is a wizard, and promises to tell unless he helps her out. But unfortunately, circumstances force them to work together to do many things, from fighting evil wizards to helping the class pass their final exam, with a lot of humor, magic, and romances thrown in. (Source: ANN, edited) Ikko and the girls of Saienji Buddhist Temple are participating in a game show competition and happen to win a trip to a secluded inn. At the inn, Ikko is presented with the challenge of not awakening while all of the girls are sleepwalking. Miu wins the grand prize in the local shopping district raffle, which is a free pass for up to four people to Yuniataru Studio, a spa resort. She decides to take Takeya, Ren and Neneko since her grandparents couldn't attend. Mate Crime: Mine Fujiko and Naomi deal with biological weapons and arms dealer Ramon. Mysterious giant robot easily defeating many powerfull robots from many countries. Whole world is wondering what country made him. Aside from those battles in far little kingdom 3 princesses living. And one of them has constructed her precious friend. (Source: ANN) It was Meiji 38 (1905), the Russo-Japanese War that had begun since the previous year was getting hard. In this severe circumstance, they reorganized the Raimu Squad. The members of the Raimu Squad were the girls. They were just like other ordinary girls who went to schools and yearned for love, except that they had "Raimu." Inukai Tsuyoshiro was a young man who was newly chosen to be the leader of the squad. He was ambitious to fight for Japan. When the young man met the five girls, the new chapter of "Raimu" began. (Source: AnimeNfo) One day, Manaka Junpei walks to the roof of his school and encounters a beautiful girl falling down from above him and accidentally exposing her strawberry panties. The embarrassed girl runs away before Junpei can find out whom she is. He wishes to become a filmmaker, and this whole experienced seemed like it would make the perfect scene in a movie. And so he goes on a search for the girl with the strawberry panties in order to reenact it all on film. But he will soon discover that finding that one girl will not be that easy... (Source: ANN) Features super deformed characters and a fake trailer for season 2. Sequel to the madcap Guardian Hearts OVA series, continuing with Kazuya's misadventures. During a monster attack on the city, which is something that happens quite often, Silk and her two friends try get close to the attacking monster for a better view. An unfortunate choice of location to watch from leads to UFO-man, the city's giant protector, to land on the girls crushing them to death. Feeling sorry, UFO-man blames their death on the monster and promises to bring Silk and her friends back to life by lending them his power but the catch is that they now have to become the city's protector as well. (Source: ANN) In the future, a junior high student, Kusakabe Sakura, will offend God by inventing immortality so that women will stop aging after they turn twelve. Dokuro-chan is an angel from the future sent to kill him. However, Dokuro-chan thinks that Sakura can be spared, so her idea is to constantly occupy Sakura so that he will never be able to invent the technology. Sometimes the angel will go crazy and kill him with her bat, Excalibolg, but she can revive him easily. "Pi-piru-piru-piru-pi-piru-pi!" Having been accepted into the Kaede Inn, Nana struggles to find some way to contribute, though she inadvertently brings more trouble than assistance. However, Nana's worries are directed more towards fellow resident Nyu, whom she had only known as Lucy, the violent Diclonius. Fearful that Nyu will unleash the same horrific savagery—violence that scars Nana to this day—upon those close to her, Nana faces a dilemma: attempt to live peacefully alongside Lucy with all the uncertainty that that entails or dispose of the source of her worries, shattering the relationships she has formed at the inn. As Nana struggles to come to a decision, Nyu recalls a painful memory of one of her dearest friends and one of her greatest rivals. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Izumi Sawatari and her younger sister, Mitsuki Sawatari, have run away from home and are in need of employment. The only jobs available are as maids in the mansion of 14-year-old millionaire, Yoshitaka Nakabayashi. What seems like simple work is soon revealed to be far more than the girls bargained for when they find Yoshitaka to be an authoritative employer who demands they call him "Master". (Source: Sentai Filmworks) These the DVD extras, including Several omake and a "making of" episode. Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition: whenever girls touch him, or even come close, he breaks out in hives. Imagine his surprise, when he is suddenly transported to the city of Seiren on a mystic world invisibly orbiting the Earth, and populated with vast numbers of women and very few men. Fortunately, he has a new friend, Miharu-chan, whose touch inexplicably doesn't affect him. (Source: ANN) Mai, a Santa in training, appears in front of an unlucky boy named Santa on Christmas Eve, promising him that she will make him happy for one night. Satonaka Ikkou, a 16 year old boy, is a first year trainee at the Saienji Buddhist Temple. He was sent there by his parents to be trained by his grandmother, the Saienji Priestess. At the temple he finds himself surrounded by beautiful female priestesses-in-training. Upon seeing a girl naked, Ikko has the ability to turn into a super-monk, performing massive exorcisms for the good of the temple. (Source: ANN) Yui's father forbids Yui from staying at Junpei's house and decides she'll attend a local High School instead of Oumi Academy. Junpei visits with the intention of straightening out a misunderstanding for Yui's sake. Episode takes place prior to Episode 10 of Ichigo 100% TV series. In present times, Gods and Demons coexist together with Humans after the door between each of these worlds had opened. Tsuchimi Rin is a normal young high school student attending Verbena Academy, spending his days living peacefully with his childhood friend Kaede. Unexpectedly, one day the King of Gods, the King of Demons and their families move into be Rin's next door neighbors. Apparently the daughter of the Gods, Sia, and the daughter of the demons, Nerine, are both deeply in love with Rin after having met him in the past. Along with his playful friendship with upperclassmen Asa and his encounter with the silent but cute Primula, Rin has much on his hands dealing with the affections of each of these girls. Based on the eroge by Navel. Seto Ichitaka has a crush on Yoshizuki Iori, a girl in his class who has become so popular she now has her own fan club at school. But only a miracle could make him be with her, since the day he first saw Iori-chan, Ichitaka has been too shy to even talk to her. This miracle happened and now he and Iori are working together on the Freshmen Welcoming Party. It seems that things start to look bright for Seto, but then a special childhood friend is coming for a visit... (Source: ANN) The thirteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. At first glance, Mao Ran is a normal cute girl, but she is a master of a martial arts handed down by Mao family. One day, she is tricked by her grandfather, and forced to take part in the fighting match, "Prime Mat". First, she is reluctant to fight, but fighting against the rivals, she is gradually fascinated by the "fighting". (Source: AnimeNfo) Further continuation from the Ichigo 100% TV series. Four episodes in length, comprised mostly of side-story elements such as a Spring Festival featuring Cosplay, Junpei's adventure to return a notebook to Yui's friend who atteneds the All-Girl Oumi Academy, summer work at Sawayaka to help cover production costs and last, but not least.. the Strawberry 'Pantsu' Invaders. This OVA features two new characters. (Note: Best if viewed after the Jump Festa 2004 OVA, or in other words.. "last", but could be substituted and watched prior to the Jump Festa OVA.) Kurou Daijuuji is a poor detective living in Arkham City. One day, he was requested by Ruri Hado of Hado Financial Group, to search for a magic book. While he initially refused, Ruri offered him a large sum of money upon completion of her request, in which bribed Kuro to accept. As Kurou searches for the book, he unexpectedly runs into Al, a pretty girl that is actually a powerful grimoire. They forge a contract with each other, bestowing Kuro with powerful magic. Soon afterwards, Al also activates Demonbane, a deus machina owned by the Hado Financial Group, to combat the mechanical menace from the Black Lodge. With this, the war between the Hado Financial Group and the Black Lodge begins.... (Source: ANN) Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière is a self-absorbed mage in a world of wands, cloaks, and royalty. Although she studies at Tristain Academy, a prestigious school for magicians, she has a major problem: Louise is unable to cast magic properly, earning her the nickname of "Louise the Zero" from her classmates. When the first year students are required to perform a summoning ritual, Louise's summoning results in a catastrophic explosion! Everyone deems this to be yet another failure, but when the smoke clears, a boy named Saito Hiraga appears. Now Louise's familiar, Saito is treated as a slave, forced to clean her clothes and eat off the ground. But when an unfamiliar brand is found etched on Saito's hand from the summoning ritual, it is believed to be the mark of a powerful familiar named Gandalfr. Wild, adventurous, and explosive, Zero no Tsukaima follows Saito as he comes to terms with his new life and as Louise proves that there is more to her than her nickname suggests. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kazuki has been awaiting 10 years for the day when her neighbours moved back to their old house. She has a crush on Yuuji, whom she considers as her first love but to whom she never managed to express her feelings for him before they moved out. Yuuji often comes over to play with Kazuki, Kazuki's older sister Hatsune and Yuuji's sister Marie when they were kids. Her ideal depiction of Yuuji was soon shattered when he turned out more than she had expected, him acting all ecchi during their reunion. With their parents off in South America, both families must learn to live with each other and rekindle the childhood feelings they shared together. Things get even more crazy as they attend the same school. (Source: ANN) DVD specials. Yuji and Shana's class go on a trip to see various temples and shrines, followed by a trip to a hot springs resort. During the trip, Matake Ogata tries to tell Eita Tanaka her feelings for him, but various complications and hijinks occur that prevent her from doing so. A remake of the Negima anime with its own original story. Wizard Negi Springfield may be a boy, but he has a man-sized job to do! Fresh from the Academy of Magic, Negi continues his training as an instructor at Mahora Academy in Japan. But before he can get his Masters in magic, the 31 schoolgirls of Class 3-A are gonna keep him up all night cramming for a final exam in will power. Temptation aside, Negi has more on his syllabus than flirting and spells. Darkness is closing in, and Negi is gonna need help from his lovely student bodies to drive the ghouls from their school. These girls want to prove that they're the best in class, and extra credit is available to the cuties that aren't afraid of after-hours phantom fighting! (Source: DVD case) A remake of Go Nagai's 1973 lighthearted horror anime TV series Dororon Enma-kun. Kikoushi Enma is a full-fledged horror show, which contains very few lighthearted parts, since it is much more grim and aimed towards adults. Enma forms together with Yuki-hime and Kappa a team which sends demons back to the netherworld. (Source: AniDB) In the distant future, mankind is divided into two factions: Union and Deague. They have waged a war against each other for so long that no one remembers when it first began. The backbone of the Union military is the manned weapons system Strain, while the Deague uses an unmanned version, the Tumoru. Sara Werec, the daughter of a respectable family, is a 16-yearold girl who attends Grapera Space Armed Soldier Academy located in the Cranial Solar System, where she is training to become a full-fledged Reasoner (a Strain pilot). Her brother, Ralph Werec, had been sent to the frontline 130 light-years away to accomplish a special mission when she was 11 years old, a distance that requires 400 years of objective time to traverse by even the fastest Union spacecraft. However, in accordance with the theory of relativity, this corresponds to only two subjective years (time as experienced by those within the spacecraft). The two of them had lost their parents when they were young and the bond between the two is very close. It is Sara’s dearest wish to be reunited with her brother. To do that, she must travel to the battlefield where he is. One day, Sara’s planet is suddenly assaulted by Deague forces. To her surprise, her brother, Ralph, turns out to be one of the raiders who successfully kidnap a mysterious girl sleeping in a capsule. In order to find the truth, Sara gets in a Strain and chases after him. However, she is attacked by Ralph, and the Mimic, a copy of the pilot’s brain which is essential to controlling the Strain, is damaged. (Source: AnimeNfo) Sometime after all the events which took place during Negi's first year as a teacher, Class 2-A goes on a school trip to a beautiful island for Spring break. Everything is fine now, but troubles continue for Negi, because he's still the main atraction of the class. But he has something else to worry about, Asuna is angry at him because he told her she had nothing to do with his studies as a wizard. During the trip, the situation gets intense as Asuna's friends try to help Negi make up with her. (Source: ANN) Recap Special. First half of the episode follows Cellaria from her point of view and her narration. Second part follows Nanami from her point of view with her narration. Takes place between episodes 10 and 11 (Episode 10.5). Yue and Nodoka are practicing magic, and one spell catches their eye: The Red String of Fate. Supposedly, this spell connects you with your fated partner. Nodoka decides to try it out, and ends up tied to Negi. However, this spell isn't the Red String of Fate at all, but is in fact just a red string that connects two people. A magical red string that happens to be impossible to sever. Delightful. Meanwhile, Ayaka invites the class to a free trip to her family's recently constructed spa resort. Tied together for at least a day, will Negi and Nodoka be able to make the most out of this free trip without going too far...? A behind the scenes special of all the main characters in Amaenaide yo!! Katsu!! Where they give there own personal feelings about their past experiences with the show as well as their working experiences with their fellow cast members. DVD special. Stratos 4 Recap episode - For everything which happened before Stratos 4 Advance started. The story takes place one year after the OVA. Because of the previous war, Kabucki-cho was devastated, and the owner abandoned his lingerie pub, "Pallion," and opened "New Papillion" in Akihabara. During the war, Tsubomi, and her colleagues Anne and Shizuku lost their memories, and they began new lives in Akihabara. On the other hand, the Susano, aliens who were invading the Earth, appeared. They turned a UMA (Unidentified Mysterious Animal) into a monster and make it raid on Akihabara. Rama the cat made Tsubomi and her buddies retrieve their memories, and let them fight against the monster as Lingerie Soldiers. (Source: AnimeNfo) 2 original unaired episodes included in DVD volumes 3 and 5, titled EX1 and EX2 respectively. The fourteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Kyou no Go no Ni revolves around Sato Ryota, a 5th grader in an elementary school. He is a bright and active boy but always manages to get in to a bit of ecchi trouble with his female classmates. Minami Itsuki never thought about seriously riding Air Treck motorized roller blades, until he got his butt handed to him by a street gang of Storm Riders. That day, he discovered in a locked up room, a pair of AT's and a box of stickers belonging to the Sleeping Forest street gang. One thing leads to another, and Ikki dons the wheels and begins to ride. As his reputation builds in the AT street fighting/racing world, he begins to develop his own gang and participate in more fights, gaining more and more territory. Eriko and her friends Yuma and Ayano are excited about entering high school. Their excitement leads to their breaking of the rules when they toured the school before the opening ceremony. They find out their preconceptions about the all female school may not be as true as they had first thought. Despite that, Eriko and her friends are joined by new friends. They aim to get through high school life together. (Source: ANN) In this sequel, a girl named Kazusano Kazuki join up with the 6 girls and Ikko. With Kazuki around, Ikko will find himself in more embarassing situations with these priestesses-in-training. (Source: ANN) Kawahira Keita is a descendant of a historic Inukami tamer family; however, because he lacked in its ability, he was forsaken by the family. One day, an Inukami named Youko came. She looked graceful, obedient, above all, beautiful. Soon he contracted with her, and she paid homage to him. However, she was a problematic Inukami that no one had been able to control. This is a slap stick comedy of an Inukami Tamer, Keita and an Inukami, Youko. Keita is a man of worldly passions, and he likes money and girls very much. On the other hand, Youko likes to destroy things and is very jealous. (Source: AnimeNfo) Renkin San-kyuu Magical? Pokaan follows the daily lives of four young girls. There is just one catch: they are anything but normal. This group of friends—the energetic werewolf Liru, the joyful witch-in-training Uma, the motherly android Aiko, and the seductive vampire Pachira—are actually princesses from the netherworld who have traveled to the human world in search of a new home. Unfortunately, their naivety and severe lack of knowledge make living peacefully among earthlings much more difficult than they imagined. As they attempt to adapt to their brand new lifestyle, they cause all sorts of trouble, and end up attracting the unwanted attention of a woman by the name of Dr. K-Ko. The scientist believes that these new residents of Earth are up to no good and attempts to capture the girls to prove the existence of the supernatural and gain credibility with the scientific community. Every day brings a new adventure as the girls deal with the insanity of her antics and all that the human realm has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Ikuto Touhohin just had a fight with his old man, one that led him to make a rash decision to run away from home. He boards a ship, deciding to take a vacation, but the ship is suddenly hit by a huge storm—one that sends Ikuto overboard! When he regains consciousness, he realizes he is still alive on some island. An isolated island. An isolated island with nothing but girls. Beautiful girls. Stranded on an island with only girls, no electricity, gas, radio, television, like he was back in the stone age. (Source: AniDB) A recap of the Shuffle world, set ten years in the future. Gods, Demons, and Humans freely visit the other worlds as if traveling overseas, and romance is in the air. Demons, Gods, And Humans together have been falling in love and creating new families, breaking down the wall that once seperated them. Past memories are visited by Rin Tsuchimi and the events that occured between him and Lisianthus, Nerine, Kaede, Asa, and Primula. (Source: ANN) Revered as heroes for their role in defending Tristain, Louise and her familiar Saito face heavy pressure to continue protecting the Kingdom. With an uneasy peace now established within Albion, the newly crowned Queen Henrietta must deal with a political struggle brewing on the horizon. To make matters worse, a new villain has begun plotting in the shadows against the Crown. With the continuing threats that face the Kingdom, Louise and Saito are compelled to work together once more. No longer "Louise the Zero," the young mage's newfound aptitude for Void magic gives her enough power to wipe out an entire village; however, wielding these abilities comes with its share of challenges. As more conflicts arise, the idea of placing honor above oneself is put into question—regardless of their answer, their only choice is to see it through until the end. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When an alien force eventually called the "Neuroi" attacks Earth around the 1940s, the world is devastated by destruction. However, one man is able to lead the invention of an anti-Neuroi weapon known as the "Striker unit" which augments magical power and also enables flight through two mechanical lower-leg coverings known as a sort of witches "broom." Young witches from around the world are gathered together to fight back in a force known as Strike Witches. The inventor, however, was thought to have been killed during service. The daughter of the inventor leads a relatively normal life except for her untrained and incredible magical power which she hopes to use one day in healing. However, she is suddenly whisked away on a search to see if her father is actually alive. She encounters his invention and the possibility of perhaps using it herself. (Source: ANN) Loosely based on the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms , modern day Japan sees a similar struggle for power between different rival schools with the three strongest being; Kyosho Academy led by Sousou Moutoku, Nanyo Academy by Sonsaku Hakufu and Ryuubi Gentoku from Seito High School. Together these three tousei, each with their own mangatama, fight for the honour of becoming ikki tousen and fulfilling their fated destiny through battle and conquest. (Source: ANN) The life of the once ordinary middle school student Sakura Kusakabe changed when an angel by the name of Dokuro-chan moved into his house. This heartwarming story of love, desire and... bloodshed continues as Sakura's normal everyday life slowly crumbles into a bloody mess. (Source: ANN) In 2007, the Punishment of Sexual Perversions Law came into effect. The city is surrounded by a squadron wearing protective suits and they begin to arrest any who look like perversions. No wonder that Inukami Master Keita and Inukami Yoko are wanted for Class A perversions. What will happen to Keita, Yoko, Kaoru's Inukami, and the other lovely perversions? What about Karina? (Source: AniDB) Aika is a smart and athletic high school girl. She is so competent that she successfully passes the salvagers license test, obtaining a C-class license. Yet, she is young and hotheaded, so much so that Gota still treats her as a child. Due to this personality, no one is willing to hire her for salvaging jobs. Since she had taken the trouble to get her license, she decides to post an ad in her school to attract clients. She manages to get the attention of Erika, a daughter of a rich family and the leader of the treasure hunting club. She asks Aika to salvage something from the sea and Aika delightfully accepts the request. However, upon seeing the state-of-the-art submarine loaded onto Erika's private cruiser and discovering their destination, Aika realizes the terrible nature of her assignment. This results in a clash with a group of high school girls in the southern islands. Who is the mysterious girl named Karen? So begins Aika's newest challenge! (Source: AnimeNfo) The fifteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Ink Nijihara is a girl in high school. Unfortunately her crush Nao Tezuka barely recognizes her. To make matters worse, she is very short. Now Ink meets a duck and becomes a "mahou shoujo" and teaches Nao english in disguise. (Source: ANN) 3rd grade teacher Aoki Daisuke didn't expect the first class he ever taught to be one of the toughest obstacles of his life. After getting off on the wrong foot with the entire class, a moment of kind-heartedness instantly convinces one of his students, Rin Kokonoe, to make the ill-fated Aoki-sensei her lover. But what exactly are Rin's intentions for wanting to actively seduce Aoki-sensei, and will Aoki-sensei be able to help her to deal with them? Shungo Ninomiya is just an ordinary, run-of-the-mill high school student who lives at home with his older sister Ryoko—at least when she's not away doing her job as a mercenary. However, Shungo's life ceases to be normal the moment a cute girl named Mayu Tsukimura descends into the middle of his school's campus in a military-grade helicopter. It turns out Ryoko sent this girl, along with her older brother Mikihiro, to live at the Ninomiya household. But the newly-arrived siblings are a little special: Mayu is, in fact, a succubus and her brother, an incubus! And as if the circumstances are not problematic enough, Mayu is crippled with androphobia—the fear of men—and it's up to Shungo to help her overcome this at the behest of his sister. Ryoko plans to force Mayu to be closer to Shungo, and to do this, she’ll employ some questionable methods such as having them share the same bed and even take baths together. The situation further complicates when student council president Reika Houjou arrives as the new maid of the Ninomiya family, and she will stop at nothing to thwart Shungo and Mayu’s sexually-geared training. With the sudden arrival of all these oddities, Shungo's ordinary life is about to be thrown into utter turmoil. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The undying Sakura Trees return. Based on a PS2 sequel of the original DaCapo game, the story once again takes place on Hatsunejima, but is set 53 years after the events of D.C. and D.C.S.S.. Although some characters will probably look a bit familiar to the initiated eye, the cast is a new one. The new main protagonist is Yoshiyuki Sakurai, who lives next door to the Asakura sisters Yume and Otome, who are the granddaughters of Junichi and Nemu from the first season. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kaname Okiura, a student of Prefectoral Umineko Shougyou High ("Umishou" for short), joined the school's swimming club in order to learn how to swim, but the club is filled with weirdos, let alone who can teach him swimming. Then, a sunny, happy-go-lucky girl named Amuro Ninagawa who transferred from Okinawa joined the club. Her extraordinary underwater speed and unorthodox swimming style (plus her personal habit of nude swimming—a powerful magnet to teenage boys) surprised every club member, especially Okiura, because she reminds him of a mermaid-like creature he saw only once in his early childhood. (Source: ANN) Haruhiko, Riko, Yukari, Chisa and Rinka are trying to help Kirino save her family's inn from bankruptcy due to their newest rival, Hotel Moonstone. As a result, they decided that creating high-class cuisine was the best method in order to help the Konosaka Inn attract customers. However, in the process of creating this high-class cuisine Yukari, Chisa and Rinka mysteriously and instantaneously develop overpowering feelings towards Haruhiko and end up vigorously competing for him. Unfortunately, for Haruhiko this harem contains mixes of both heaven and hell. Ikkitousen Dragon Destiny Specials. Like snow falling in summer, like a cicada lamenting the coming of winter... In a town watched over by a whale in the sky... the extraordinary is made ordinary. Spectacles that could never be given form are instead given flesh and soul. And in their midst, the story of a miracle that comes to pass in this town of miracles incarnate... For Kuonji, this newly-discovered vision is a thing of wonder and fright – a sentiment not shared by his peers. Under its watchful gaze, Kuonji chats with and hangs out with his somewhat unusual friends. Whether it's with Nina and her striped panties, cat-loving Sacchan, the strange alien Allen or a variety of other busty, skimpily-dressed babes, Kuonji finds himself in the middle of ecchi situations galore! Welcome to the world of Final Examination Kujira. (Source: BakaBT) Based on a game by Circus. Set in a near future, a time where robots are common workers for their owners. Takaya Murase has just purchased a maid robot from a robotic doll distriubutor, MaidWorks. Ready to live a normal cleaning, cooking, and serving life to her owner, Yui is purchased, by Takaya but he has other plans for her...like dressing her up in dress-costumes of his fantasies and more. (Source: ANN) A series of OVA episodes released with the limited edition manga volumes. Episode 01: What You Gave Me (Anata ga Watashi ni Kureta Mono) Kokonoe, Usa, and Kagami go shopping for a present for Sensei. Eventually Kokonoe decides to make one and they all end up spending the night at her house. Along the way we learn more about Usa's love for Reiji, Kagami's love for Kokonoe, and Kokonoe's love for Sensei. Episode 02: Kuro-chan, Shiro-chan (Kuro-chan to Shiro-chan) Kuro-chan tries to become friends with Shirai-sensei. Episode 03: A Child's Summer Time (Kodomo no Natsu Jikan) The girls, Aoki and Houin go into the country to visit Aoki's family. Ryofu Housen (Lu Bu) is a powerful general from the Three Kingdoms; alongside Chinkyuu (Chen Gong), Ryofu suddenly finds himself falling to Earth, and landing... in the body of an elementary school student?! With their new lives as flat-chested, women-loving children, Ryofu and Chinkyuu follow their hunger and their desire to get back to their old lives somehow; but it will be difficult, given the variety of obstacles in their way including old enemies, epic monster battles and the most important thing of all, trying to get their hands on Eri-sensei's mammoth F-cup breasts! DVD episodes 23 and 24. Moetan DVD-only episodes. #6: "The First Date" #13: "The Supreme Ruler at the End of the Century! The Magical Girls' Combined Attack" This is a special episode of Lovedol. It's also called episode 13 of the series. Lovedol, or Lovely Idol, is a girl group consisting of two generations of idols. The 3rd Generation is about to make its debut, but to their surprise, they have been delayed! The vague reason is only that "they lack something." The manager, and the 3rd Gen. girls too, must find the answer. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Short picture drama specials included in BD/DVD volumes. Youkai Academy is a seemingly normal boarding school, except that its pupils are monsters learning to coexist with humans. All students attend in human form and take normal academic subjects, such as literature, gym, foreign language, and mathematics. However, there is one golden rule at Youkai Academy—all humans found on school grounds are to be executed immediately! Tsukune Aono is an average teenager who is unable to get into any high school because of his bad grades. His parents inadvertently enroll him into Youkai Academy as a last-ditch effort to secure his education. As Tsukune unknowingly enters this new world, he has a run-in with the most attractive girl on campus, Moka Akashiya. Deciding to stay in the perilous realm in order to further his relationship with Moka, he does not realize that beneath her beauty lies a menacing monster—a vampire. Rosario to Vampire is a supernatural school comedy that explores Tsukune's romantic exploits, experiences, and misadventures with a bevy of beautiful but dangerous creatures. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Based On a Visual Novel developed by Minato Soft. Due to family troubles, Ren Uesugi and his sister, Mihato, leave their home. They end up moving to the city but find themselves with a lack of money. Somehow they are able to find work in the form of the Kuonji family's mansion, being employed as servants to the three sisters of the Kuonji family: Shinra, Miyu, and Yume. Being a servant also associates Ren with the mansion's additional servants and the Kuonji sisters' friends. (Source: Wikipedia) Short special bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volume 1. Originally an April's Fool in 2007, this one episode OVA is a spin-off of the School Days game by 0verflow, and shows Kokoro Katsura, the little sister of one of the main characters, from her other side. A mahou shoujo out to save the world, or something like that. (Source: AniDB) Timid 16-year-old Rito Yuuki has yet to profess his love to Haruna Sairenji—a classmate and object of his infatuation since junior high. Sadly, his situation becomes even more challenging when one night, a mysterious, stark-naked girl crash-lands right on top of a bathing Rito. To add to the confusion, Rito discovers that the girl, Lala Satalin Deviluke, is the crown princess of an alien empire and has run away from her home. Despite her position as the heiress to the most dominant power in the entire galaxy, Lala is surprisingly more than willing to marry the decidedly average Rito in order to avoid an unwanted political marriage. To LOVE-Ru depicts Rito's daily struggles with the bizarre chaos that begins upon the arrival of Lala. With an evergrowing legion of swooning beauties that continuously foil his attempted confessions to Haruna, To LOVE-Ru  is a romantic comedy full of slapstick humor, sexy girls, and outlandishly lewd moments that defy the laws of physics. [Written by MAL Rewrite] When Sanpeita Kobayashi was a child, his lovely friend had to move away, but she vowed that in ten years, they would meet again—as husband and wife. Ten years later, Sanpeita is a high school student, but he hasn't forgotten the feelings they shared. Sanpeita awakes from a dream about his last day with her, only to have his morning interrupted. A weird robot girl is battling other robots in his bedroom, claiming to be his wife. The robot's pilot looks like none other than Sanpeita's long-lost, childhood friend. But who is she really? Why did she have to leave? And what does she have to do with the Mishima Electronics Corporation? Kouta has girl troubles of the supernatural sort. For some reason, he keeps attracting the attention (and affections) of animal spirits! Having spent most of his life in the country, Kouta is understandably nervous when he moves in with his grandma to attend a high school in the big city. He hoped to make a good impression, but having Chizuru, a beautiful fox spirit, hanging off his arm didn't seem to be the sort of image he wanted to have. She's not alone in her love for Kouta, either. Nozomu, a wolf spirit, as well as other youkai have their sights set on the hapless country boy. Fujiwara Naeka is a typical 17-year-old high school student. Or so we thought. She's really one of two surviving heirs of a tycoon who has the right to inherit his mass fortune when she turns 18 in half a year. Fubuki, a young and beautiful maid, and Kogarashi, a big burly maid guy with a mask, have been assigned to keep Naeka and her brother Kousuke safe from those who would plot their demise, and to steal the fortune she would inherit. (Source: AniDB) Magician's Academy revolves around Takuto Hasegawa, who attends a magic academy that is not marked on any map. During a summoning spell exam, he accidentally creates a girl named Tanarotte, who happens to hold enough magical power to destroy his country, but fortunately Tanarotte professes undying loyalty (and love) to her "creator." (Source: ANN) Strike Witches is set in an alternate version of 1944, where the events of World War II are very different than what we know to be true. Alien invaders known as the Neuroi came to Earth in 1939. This is not the first appearance of the Neuroi as they have appeared at seemingly random intervals throughout human history. While the Neuroi primarily attack humanity using aircrafts, their mothership is able to produce a deadly miasma, a chemical that is fatally poisonous to humans, forcing the populations of affected areas to flee their homes. The Neuroi then use the poisoned areas to plunder Earth's natural resources to use against humanity. Luckily the miasma cannot spread across water, making the ocean humanity's main line of defense against the Neuroi. With normal humans unable to fight in the miasma, witches have become the forefront of military defense against the Neuroi. Each witch is able to deploy a defensive field around themselves that not only blocks the miasma but protects them from physical attacks as well. Utilizing leg mounted machines called Striker Units to fly into combat, the witches use their magical abilities to wield devastating weapons too large and ungainly for a normal person. The series follows the battles fought by the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, who battle on the front lines to defend the British Isles from the Neuroi. Will humanity be able to take back Earth and bring peace to their home? Find out in Strike Witches ! Following his brave sacrifice in the war against Albion, Saito Hiraga is knighted and treated as an aristocrat, something that proves difficult for Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière. With their relationship no longer defined as the mighty Void mage and clueless familiar, she wonders what exactly this means for them. While venturing to a castle, Louise is ambushed by a powerful mage named Sheffield. Battling alone, the young mage nearly faces defeat until Saito makes his appearance. The mystical and unknown nature of Void magic seems to be at work in the battle, and Louise begins to believe in the possibility of another Void user. Moreover, she realizes that Saito's magical rune is fading, and so a new adventure begins as they search for the elf who revived Saito in the past. The relationship between former master and servant faces a new challenge as they work to restore the runes and redefine the bond which holds them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Struggling yet brilliant teenager Minato Sahashi has failed his college entrance exams for the second time, resulting in him being regarded as worthless by those around him. However, the course of his seemingly bleak future is altered dramatically when a beautiful, supernatural woman falls from the sky and into his life. That woman, Musubi, is a unique being known as a "Sekirei," a humanoid extraterrestrial with extraordinary abilities. These aliens are known for kissing humans carrying the Ashikabi gene in order to awaken additional latent powers deep within. Recognizing the potential within the seemingly insignificant youth, Musubi kisses the bewildered Minato, initiating a bond between the two of them. This drags him into the high-stakes world of the Sekirei, where he and his new partner must compete against others in a battle for survival called the "Sekirei Plan." However, unbeknownst to the contestants, there is far more at risk that what the competition initially entailed. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A short 5-minute special included in the "「Kyou no Go no Ni」 Collectable BOX" Limited Edition DVD released on January 30, 2008. Sakura Nankyoku is a total otaku. Due to a fluke, she gets elected as her class' Student Council President. Everything takes off from there into a series of crazy misadventures revolving around Sakura, her family, and her classmates. (Source: ANN) Based on the Visual Novel ToHeart 2 AD (Another Days), the sequel to ToHeart 2. OVA episodes that are bundled with the limited edition of the manga volumes 23-25. First episode to cover chapters 176 and 177 of the manga. Second episode to cover chapters 178-180. And third episode to cover chapters 182 and 183. Hakufu's dreams of participating in new fights and tournaments are put on hold as new obstacles block her path. Her friends have lost faith in her, new enemies appear, and a younger sister she never knew existed suddenly shows up on her doorstep. If Hakufu ever hopes to compete worldwide, she's going to have to deal with her issues at home first. (Source: FUNimation) A year has passed since Tsukune was sent to the Youkai academy. Tsukune has gotten used to life there, or so he thought. As a second year, he and the girls are looked up to by the juniors. On the first day back to school, a sudden encounter with Shuzen Kokoa, takes a turn for the worst. What Adventures or should we say, misadventures await our human, vampire and friends? Uncensored 2-minute DVD Specials of Kanokon. A 86-minute DVD episode that includes an uncensored summary of the original TV series. Following the line of the precedent OVAs (of the same name) This anime goes around the normal lives of some elementary school (5th grade, 2nd class room) kids and their adventures, while turning to teens. Their games, stupid jokes, and the misunderstandings around their premature attraction to the opposite sex. Ryota Satou is the main character here, but his friends are almost as important as him since the school wouldn't be the same without them, especially the girls who the majority of time appear to be mature by their ages but in the ends they are as childish and even more "dangerous" than the boys. (Source: ANN, edited) The story centers on the Platonic Heart, a jewel that—according to an old urban legend—can grant any wish when collected. Only a chosen few are allowed to compete in the Platonic Heart hunt, and high school junior Aya Iseshima is one of 11 girls and women who are taking part. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. An unreleased episode containing scenes that could not be aired due to "ethical regulations." ONA Special episode #11.5. 5 minute specials featuring previously unseen scenes from the main Code Geass R2 series, mostly comedic in nature. Comedy show based on Greek myths about how perverted the gods are. Uncensored Ikkitousen: Great Guardians DVD Comedy Specials. It's time for fun at the beach! Check out all the girls from Arcade Gamer Fubuki in their swimsuits. DVD beach episode of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Also known as episode #6.5. Picture Drama episodes included in each DVD volumes of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Episode Titles: vol.1 「Maid's Afternoon: Whip of Love」(メイドの午後　愛のムチ編) vol.2 「Maid's Afternoon: Afternoon for Two」(メイドの午後　二人きりの昼下がり編) vol.3 「Maid's Afternoon: The Last Night」 (メイドの午後　最後の夜編) vol.4 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Prologue (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 序章) vol.5 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 1 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第1章) vol.6 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 2 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第2章) vol.7 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 The Last Chapter (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 最終章) The sixteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. The second season of Kodomo no Jikan. In a land where a queen is chosen every few years solely by winning a tournament, there can be no short supply of formidable opponents. For one woman warrior however, an early defeat clearly shows her that she is lacking in experience though she may be bountiful in body. Fortunately, while defeat could spell one's doom, her life is saved by a powerful stranger. But unfortunately for this savior, less-than-pure motives and shrewd family members mean her reward is a prison cell. Her release is prompt when the unseasoned warrior she saved, tired of her current lifestyle of nobility, sets off to prove herself. (Source: Media Blasters) Yoichi Karasuma has spent all of his life in the mountains, training in the Soaring Wind, Divine Wind swordsmanship style. Under his father’s guidance, he is able to master the technique at the age of 17. With nothing left to learn, Yoichi is sent to a new dojo located in the city so he can continue to train and gain an understanding of modern society. Unfortunately, Yoichi has no idea how to act or speak to anyone in the present day and acts like a samurai, complete with odd speech and traditional clothing. As he goes to live with the Ikaruga sisters at the dojo, Yoichi, clueless on how to interact with others, is constantly hurtled in hilarious misunderstandings. Asu no Yoichi! follows Yoichi as he stumbles through his new life and tries to learn how to live in the modern world with his new family. [Written by MAL Rewrite] After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Hobbies are often a great way of meeting new people, but how could Kakeru Diachi, who collects rare juice cans, have ever suspected that he'd meet a fascinating new girl when he attempted to DRINK her? Naming her Melon, because she's got great melon... soda, Kakeru quickly learns that she's an Akikan—a beautiful girl who's also a special can created to fight other Akikans in a strange experiment to determine what kind of container is better: steel or aluminum! Will becoming involved in this ridiculously twisted research project gone amuck complicate Kakeru's life incredibly? Of course it will, but because Melon's steel body needs carbon dioxide to breathe, he's now stuck with her since she's too CO2 dependent! And when his wealthy, attractive, best childhood friend Najimi gets HER own aluminum Akikan, the trouble really begins! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Episode 01: Rito becomes a Woman Lala invents a gizmo to make her bust bigger. However, this invention of hers accidentally turns Rito into a woman. Episode 02: Rito and Mikan Feeling lonely because Rito is always spending time with Lala, Mikan storms out of the house. While Rito and Lala are out looking for her a few flashbacks from the past, showing Rito and Mikan as kids, are shown. Episode 03: Welcome to the Southern Resort!! Haruna wins an island resort trip for ten females. Rito gets turned into a dog by one of Lala's inventions and somehow ends up on the island as well. Episode 04: Trouble Quest Rito and the girls become trapped inside an RPG game where the objective is to save Lala and defeat the evil witch Kyouko. Episode 05: Nana and Momo Lala's sisters cause mischief for Rito and his harem at a cherry blossom viewing. Episode 06: Draft, Metamorphose, Hand & Tail Yami and Yui confront with a senior, causing Yui to lose her panties. Mikan finds Peke taking snapshots of new clothing while shopping. Suddenly, a stranger steals her bag. As Rito tries to explore Lala's cleaned-up bedroom, he accidentally activates one of Lala's invention, fusing his hand to Lala's tail. On the planet Earthdash, its inhabitants gaze on its moon and the technologically advanced lunar city of Mooneyes with awe. Dan JD, a boy living in Rollingtown on Earthdash's surface, gets caught up in Bigfoot Basketball—a fast-paced sport played with giant Bigfoot robots. (Source: AniDB) Everybody goes on vacation to Ayanokouji's private island for fun in the sun. Hilarity ensues. Mysteriously teleported from Earth, Kenshi Masaki finds himself ensnared by a mysterious organization in a world called Geminar, where male mecha pilots are extremely rare. With the promise of returning home, the 15 year-old agrees to pilot a mecha suit called a Sacred Mechanoid and assassinate the ruler of the Shtrayu Empire, Lashara Earth XVIII. However, things do not go according to plan, and Kenshi finds himself prisoner and an object of scrutiny by Lashara and her shipmates. After learning of Kenshi’s plight, Lashara offers him the chance to redeem himself by entering her employ. He will act as her servant, practically a slave, but also have a chance to once more pilot a mecha suit. Kenshi is willing to endure Geminar’s eccentricities if it means he may return home, but will he ever be able to do so? And what of this mysterious organization that brought him to Geminar to try to kill Lashara? Computer-animated gag shorts about two female agents. Nakamachi Kana is a junior high school girl, but when her grandmother passes away she is left all alone. Stuck for somewhere to live, she finds a newspaper carrier station and starts working for her room and board, alongside other female workers that make every day as fun as the last. Ever since he was a child, Tomoki Sakurai has always woke up with tears after a dream of an angel. His childhood friend Sohara Mitsuki worries about this and decides to seek the help of Eishirou Sugata, an eccentric sky maniac. He concludes that Tomoki's dream is undoubtedly connected to what is known as the New World, a floating anomaly that scientists have failed to understand. Recruiting the New World Discovery Club's first members, Eishirou schedules a time to meet up in order to observe the mystery in the sky. That day, Tomoki's peaceful life is changed forever when a strange girl falls from the sky and begins to call him master. Sora no Otoshimono follows the daily activities of the New World Discovery Club as they begin to learn more about the Angeloids that have arrived on Earth. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Meet Plug, an unusual girl from a parallel world. Plug is a "Juuden-chan," capable of "recharging" people down on their luck, spreading good cheer wherever she goes! Haruka's manga and anime hobby is still concealed by her dear friend Yuuto, but Yuuto's other female friend starts to feel affection and attraction towards him, so a feelings war begins among their circle of friends. Meanwhile Yuuto tries to make Haruka happy doing what she likes the most: drawing manga, watching anime, and attending special anime events. (Source: ANN) At the onset of World War III, nobody could have predicted the effect it would have on Japan. While it had officially ended fifty years ago in 2150, its battles still persist. Large, mysterious areas known as "Blackspots" appeared across the country, filled with the contaminated ruins of cities and countrysides. Those inside were trapped to halt the spread of contamination, and their powers began to mutate—be they shapeshifters, pyromancers, or controllers of gravity itself—they all became known as the Needless. Adam Blade is one such Needless, possessing remarkable regenerative abilities and incredible strength. In order to restore peace to a war-torn Japan, he and his allies must fight together to rise against a heinous research group by the name of Simeon. This is a series of OVAs covering some of the Magic World manga arc by Ken Akamatsu, starting with chapters 184 through 188. Kanuu and Chouhi's group rescue a mysterious girl, who is actually the real Ryuubi, her name and heirloom sword stolen after the events of the last season. The group sets off to recover Ryuubi's sword. At the same time, a group of street performers, the three Chou Sisters, are given a mysterious magic book that may be more trouble than they think....The franchise re-imagines the classic Chinese historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms (Sangokushi) as a "moe (fiery), moe (preciously cute) action love comedy" with an almost all-female cast. (Source: ANN) Following an automobile accident that claims the life of his parents, Teppei Arima is taken in by his grandfather and introduced to the world of the rich and the elite. Compared to his humble upbringing, Isshin Arima's lavish lifestyle surprises and stuns the young teenager. In return for the gracious hospitality, Teppei is expected to continue the family business by replacing his grandfather as the head of Arima Financial Combine, and to prepare him for these responsibilities, he is enrolled into an esteemed high school. Along with his recently acquired celebrity status and affluence, Teppei is informed of an arranged marriage with the equally prosperous Sylvia van Hossen, thus, beginning the thrilling escapades of his new life! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Waking up transformed into a beautiful girl might be the stuff of some guys' fantasies, but when the suddenly effeminatized Natsuru is informed by a stuffed tiger that he's now a Kampfer, a mystical fighter who has to fight other Kampfers in female form, his life becomes a living nightmare! Putting aside the obvious "plumbing" issues, Natsuru's best childhood friend turns out to swing the other way and SHE has a crush on his new female body. Not complex enough? Natsuru's school has separate sections for boys and girls, so he and she are now double enrolled. The rumor-mill has it that he's dating herself. And there are other Kampfers attending the school who want to take her out, and he's not sure which ones mean "on a date" and which ones mean "permanently." Oh, and did we mention that some Kampfers use swords and guns?! Hormones, fists, and other body parts will fly as the daring, new gender-bender defender must become a contender or die! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The story revolves around a typical high school boy named Kakeru Daichi and the can of melon juice soda that he bought from a vending machine. The can suddenly transforms into a beautiful but standoffish girl that Kakeru nicknames "Melon", and more "Akikan" ("empty can") girls appear. However, Akikan girls need to be infused with carbon dioxide in order to turn into a human. (Source: ANN, edited) The high spirited girls Azuki Edomae, Mutsumi Mutsuki and Serika Shihodo, put on their "KIGURUMI"costumes instantly transforming them into the super heros Kigurumikku-Swan, Kigurumikku-Falcon and Kigurumikku-Swallow. Follow these super-girls as they defend Minamachi City and bring peace to the town. An OVA bundled with the limited edition of the tankobon of the Kyou no Go no Ni manga. The staff and the cast of the OVA are the same as those of the Kyou no Go no Ni TV anime. "First muscle training animation ever," a 16-year-old girl named Hinako leads exercises in push-ups, sit-ups, and squats. Hinako was once a human, but she was turned into an anime character when she was a second-year middle-school student. (Source: ANN) Takeshi was just an ordinary guy until a perfectly innocent study session with Michi - the most beautiful girl in the school - ended up with him being mysteriously transported into the strange dimension known as the Weiss Schwarz Battle Space. Once there, a crazy but enthusiastic old man informs him that he is the chosen warrior and must win a succession of card battles to get back home. The only problem: he doesn't know how to play! However, with the expert Michi ready to teach him the ins and outs of this bizarre and improbably slapstick card game, Takeshi will learn the ropes and get ready for the card battle of a lifetime. Assuming he survives the training... (Source: ANN) Aika's story continues, she is now 19 years-old, 3 years older than in R-16 and 7 younger than in Agent AIKa. Strange phenomena have been occuring at a girls academy. Slowly but persistently the most cute and beautiful girls are joining an internal club, but instead of a sing-in they just get abducted by a strange being that takes control over them by some indecent means. By coincidence Aika was flying-by on her plane when one of this abductions occurred and she was attacked to prevent her from comming closer, but instead of repelling her, she is intrigued about the attack's origin and then the opportunity shows up when her late partners from R-16 decide to investigate those abductions. The story remains full of action and panty flashing that are a must in Aika's series. (Source: ANN) After experiencing the numerous trials encountered on her journey, Reina has grown as a warrior. Determined to take part in the Queen's Blade tournament, she arrives at the capital city Gainos, where Queen Aldora awaits. There gathers a number of beautiful warriors who, like Reina, are there for the Queen's Blade. Amongst them is Reina's sister, Claudette, determined to restore the glory of House Vance; Tomoe and Shizuka, who are both fighting for their homeland of Hinomoto; Nanael who has been ordered to participate by the Archangel; and the subordinates of the Marshland Witch. All these beautiful fighters who gather in Gainos have been one objective, to win through the Queen's Blade, the tournament to select the strongest, most beautiful queen. Who would ascend to that glorious throne? That can only be determined via battle. (Source: AnimeNfo) When the Sky turns Red, the Moon turns Black, and monsters begin roaming the streets, Satsuki Kakeru is at a loss for what to do. Along with his best friend Yuka, they try to decipher why they have been sent to this strange world, which is seemingly empty aside from themselves. However, when the "Red Night" ends, Kakeru and Yuka believed it was all a dream, until it happens again and they are left in a dangerous situation. They meet four others in the same predicament: Kusakabe Misuzu, an expert swordswoman, Tachibana Kukuri, a strange mute girl who looks uncannily like Kakeru's deceased sister, Hirohara Yukiko, a lively young girl whose personality reverts to that of a cold killer when her glasses are removed, and Tajima Takahisa, a young pyrokineticist. As the six of them band together to survive and discover what this mysterious world is, things take a turn for the worse as six shadows appear before them... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. With the arrival of summer and the school break, Chizuru, Kota, and the rest of their friends are lazily enjoying the warm weather. Chizuru flirts with Kota, Kota gets embarrassed, and Nozomu gets in the way. Tayura pines after Akane, Akane rebuffs Tayura, and a sexy good time ensues. The status quo isn't quite the same since the fox snared her prey, but the timeless boy-meets-girl tale lingers on. (Source: Media Blasters) Andou Soako, a high school girl and a 'Mega-klutz' as she thinks herself to be is about to be late for school yet again, for nine straight days! She rushes out from her home and runs out to make up for the lost time when she suddenly realizes that her breasts are wobbling much more than usual and she has a feeling of a gentle breeze under her skirt... The Aoi siblings, Aki and Sora, are as close as a brother and sister can be. But as Sora enters high school, he realizes that his feelings for his older sister go beyond simple family ties. Oblivious to her sibling's affair, Sora's twin sister Nami attempts to get her best friend to go out with him. And unbeknownst to either of them, Nami harbors a deep and jealous lust of her own. Aki-Sora is a love story, for sure, but whose love will be returned? Whose love goes unrequited? Can the bond between brother and sister be strengthened by romance, or will Aki's and Sora's affection drive them apart? Suguru and his classmates prepare for a maid café to celebrate the town's anniversary. Meanwhile, Minawa is attacked by robots. Mahoro tries to save Minawa and help Suguru and his classmates prepare for the maid café. Saint Lily Gakuen no Himitsu episodes bundled with the Blu-ray editions. Short specials added to DVDs and Blu-rays. Specials included on the Princess Lover! Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Episodes 25 & 26, added to DVD. Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. Special side stories included with the DVD version of Fight Ippatsu! Juuden-chan!! DVD/BD specials featuring more excessive fan-service than the OVA. The seventeenth Crayon Shin-chan movie. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Mahou Sensei Negima! Mou Hitotsu no Sekai extra episode featuring Yue. The 16th-century shogun Oda Nobunaga wakes up in a high school girl's body. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. The battle to find the supreme Sekirei continues. Still some of the fighters and their masters refuse to participate in the battle since losing it means to lose the Sekirei forever, and many of them actually care about their partners, while others just use them as tools. A storm is rising on the horizon, a bigger threat approaches the city and it's about to bring pain and suffering to those who love and care for their Sekireis. (Source: ANN) Episode 01: Rito becomes a Woman Lala invents a gizmo to make her bust bigger. However, this invention of hers accidentally turns Rito into a woman. Episode 02: Rito and Mikan Feeling lonely because Rito is always spending time with Lala, Mikan storms out of the house. While Rito and Lala are out looking for her a few flashbacks from the past, showing Rito and Mikan as kids, are shown. Episode 03: Welcome to the Southern Resort!! Haruna wins an island resort trip for ten females. Rito gets turned into a dog by one of Lala's inventions and somehow ends up on the island as well. Episode 04: Trouble Quest Rito and the girls become trapped inside an RPG game where the objective is to save Lala and defeat the evil witch Kyouko. Episode 05: Nana and Momo Lala's sisters cause mischief for Rito and his harem at a cherry blossom viewing. Episode 06: Draft, Metamorphose, Hand & Tail Yami and Yui confront with a senior, causing Yui to lose her panties. Mikan finds Peke taking snapshots of new clothing while shopping. Suddenly, a stranger steals her bag. As Rito tries to explore Lala's cleaned-up bedroom, he accidentally activates one of Lala's invention, fusing his hand to Lala's tail. Kio is just another boring, nice guy with a boring, nice life until he meets a beautiful, curvaceous cat-girl while attending a memorial service for one of his ancestors. Next thing he knows, he's lying in bed with this half-naked beauty next to him! Her name is Eris, and she has come to Earth to learn more about its inhabitants as a representative of the planet Catian. And she's decided to set up shop at Kio's home for her stay on Earth! Unbeknownst to Kio, there are quite a few organizations who will attempt to capture Eris, looking to keep her existence a secret by any means necessary. What's worse is when people around Kio turn out to secretly be a part of those organizations! Kio will have to work hard to keep Eris safe from these shady groups. Things are about to get mysterious, exciting, and most importantly sexy in Asobi ni Iku yo! After the death of his parents, Yuuto Amakawa lives a pretty ordinary life in the city. The only problem he has to worry about while attending school alongside Rinko, his next-door neighbor, is his cat allergies. That all changes on his sixteenth birthday, when an Ayakashi—a supernatural creature—attacks him for the sins of his ancestors. Luckily, he is saved by Himari, a mysterious cat-woman with a sword, who explains that Yuuto is the scion of a family of demon-slayers, and she is there to protect him now that the charm that kept him hidden from the supernatural forces of the world has lost its power. Omamori Himari chronicles Yuuto's dealings with the various forces of the supernatural world, as well as the growing number of women that show up on his doorstep, each with their own dark desires. Will Yuuto be able to adjust to his new "exciting" environment? Or will the ghost of his (ancestor's) past catch up with him? After discovering that Neuroi are capable of communication with humans and making peace with the nest above Gallia the Witches squads are now on a mission to re-establish communication when a sudden attack vanishes the Neuroi; they now discover a new and massive nest that just appeared covering almost all Europe. Ruthless and without mercy it annihilates allied forces along with Witches. Word of the attack reaches Fuso and a support battalion is deployed to rescue the survivors. Among the rescue team is the former Striker captain Mio Sakamoto and the now civilian Yoshika Miyafuji who want to save their dear friends. (Source: ANN) At St. Mihailov Academy, a series of serial murders have taken place with all the victims being young women. Who is this rampant culprit? And which beautiful maiden will fall prey to his evil next? After a horrible day of being harassed by their classmates, the adopted sisters Mafuyu Oribe and Tomo Yamanobe stumble across an injured young man and decide to bring him back to their place to recover. That very night, Mafuyu ends up at the mercy of the infamous serial killer. Strangely, he demands not her life, but instead an icon left behind by Tomo's father. Luckily, Sasha, the mysterious young man that the sisters had taken in, comes to the rescue just in time, helping Mafuyu avoid the same fate as the other victims. Sasha reveals that he is a Qwaser, an individual capable of controlling scientific elements by partaking in Soma, a miraculous essence found within the breasts of women. Capable of manipulating iron, Sasha crafts a giant scythe and slays the serial killer. He enrolls in the academy the next day signalling the beginning of a very "interesting" school year. Seikon no Qwaser is an action-heavy story that doesn't shy away from fan-service. Join Sasha and his allies as they fend off the evil that is nearing in. The story centers on Nayu, a middle school girl who shocks her schoolmates on the first day of school by wearing black lace panties. She likes this kind of underwear, and she tries to "spread the word on the merits of [these kinds of] underwear" via an underwear club with her schoolmates, who are worried about their bodies' development and which underwear to choose. (Source: ANN) After enrolling at the Constant Magic Academy, Akuto Sai discovers he's not just a gifted student with magical powers; he's destined to become the Demon King. And though he's not that crazy about the idea, it drives the girls wild! From the sexy school girls in his class to the skin-obsessed android who's programmed to seduce him, Akuto has no shortage of wacky girl trouble. How much temptation can a demon king take? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Hino Akiharu lost his parents when he was small and was adopted into his uncle's family. He didn't want to be a burden on his uncle's family and decides to enter a free boarding school as a butler, Hakureiryou high school. However, his delinquent boy-like appearance frightens the girls, who make up the majority of the students. Unable to get along with the classmates, Akiharu meets his childhood crush Saikyou Tomomi. The second season of Weiß Survive. Life gets crazy for Hakufu when she takes on a pupil that acts just like her! A tournament between the school heads start, but due to Hakufu's negligence, her pupil ends up taking her place. The tournament isn't what it seems, and the girls find themselves in the middle of a plot to take over the clans. (Source: FUNimation) After Keita Suminoe's mother passed away, his father promptly remarried, introducing two step-sisters into Keita's life: twins Ako and Riko. But since their fateful first encounter, a surge of incestuous love for their younger brother overcame the girls, beginning a lifelong feud for his heart. Now at the end of his middle school career, Keita studies fervently to be able to attend Ako and Riko's high school. While doing so however, he must resolve his conflicting feelings for his siblings and either reject or succumb to his sisters' intimate advances. Fortunately—or perhaps unfortunately for Keita—his sisters aren't the only women lusting after him, and there's no telling when the allure of temptation will get the better of the boy as well. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Extra Blu-ray/DVD Episode 13 included on vol. 7. In this special episode, Kakeru and the team enter a "Pink Night" instead of red. The "Black Knights" are now "Pink Ero-Rangers" and Lisolette is a bondage driver. The team's powers are also warped with an erotic twist. Kakeru can see through clothes, Yuka can change the boys into girls, Misuzu's swords are vibrators, Kukuri can speak, but only says and draws profanities, Yukiko becomes sexually excited when she takes off her glasses, and Takahisa shoots a small spout of water from his finger. This episode is merely a parody and is in no way related to the original storyline. The story takes place at St. Francesca Academy. After the battle between the students ended, they all go to a southern island. Yamada, first name withheld, is a 15-year-old girl who has just entered Takizawa High School. Easily considered exceptionally beautiful, she has only one problem with her own body, she thinks her vagina looks weird and is very self-conscious about it. Upon entering high school, her dream was to have casual sex with 100 men but therein lies the problem, she believes an experienced partner will tease her about the way her vagina looks or simply the fact that she's a virgin. She stumbles upon the solution in the form of Kosuda Takashi, a fellow virgin, whom she believes will help ease the transition to more experienced partners. There's only one small problem, Yamada doesn't know anything about sex or the ancient art of seduction, meaning her quest to conquer Kosuda will be a difficult one. The gang goes to an indoor swimming pool for some fun in the sun.  As expected, all hell breaks loose when Tomoki goes on one of his perverted missions. Meanwhile, Nymph is having some issues with the loss of her master and considers asking Tomoki to be her replacement master. This episode was not aired on TV because it was deemed too dangerous... Hinako returns to our TV screens, this time showing us how to sleep. The third season of Koihime Musou. Han's high court general Kashin (何進) was forced to swallow a cursed pill from Chou Jou. The effect is slowly turning her into a cat, which she dislikes. Chou Jou also made use of the emperor's name to dispose her from the Han court as a traitor. She met Kada during her escape while Kada brought her to the Touka village, whom he believes they would help her. It happened suddenly: The dead began to rise and Japan was thrown into total chaos. As these monsters begin terrorizing a high school, Takashi Kimuro is forced to kill his best friend when he gets bitten and joins the ranks of the walking dead. Vowing to protect Rei Miyamoto, the girlfriend of the man he just executed, they narrowly escape their death trap of a school, only to be greeted with a society that has already fallen. Soon, Takashi and Rei band together with other students on a journey to find their family members and uncover what caused this overwhelming pandemic. Joining them is Saeko Busujima, the beautiful president of the Kendo Club; Kouta Hirano, an otaku with a fetish for firearms; Saya Takagi, the daughter of an influential politician; and Shizuka Marikawa, their hot school nurse. But will the combined strength of these individuals be enough to conquer this undead apocalypse? [Written by MAL Rewrite] Matsutaka Nanako is a normal university student, who happened to enroll in an Abnormal Physiology seminar. She tries to keep her mental state sound, but other abnormal classmates start to influence her personality... (Source: MU) Jubei Yagyu, Hanzo Hattori, Yukimura Sanada, Sen Tokugawa, Kanetsugu Naoe, and Matabei Goto. In the alternate world of Hyakka Ryouran: Samurai Girls these are not the legendary samurai of history. They are scantily clad young ladies living in an age where the Tokugawa shogunate remained in power, and all of them have been sent to Buou Academic School in order to hone their battle skills. Muneakira Yagyu, master of the Yagyu dojo, is the only one who has the ability to take these warriors to the next level, making them into master samurai. Once he unlocks the hidden powers of Jubei with a kiss, the rest of the girls will set their sights on attaining that power for themselves. Together with his new group of master samurai, Muneakira will rebel against the school's student council, who have tasked themselves with oppressing students in this hectic world. DVD/BD specials featuring two female cast members of Ladies versus Butlers! at a time engaging in Lady Battles, where they try to outdo their opponent in eroticism and stripping. From a bleak future, Shinnosuke Nohara sends a girl named Tamiko on a mission to bring his five-year-old self to that time period right before being captured. Reaching the past, she claims to be Shin-chan's bride and takes him and his friends on a wild adventure to try to save the world to come. (Source: ANN) Sakurai Tomoki has settled into his life with the two angeloids, Ikaros and Nymph, and is enjoying himself immensely.  However, he keeps having weird dreams and asks all of his friends to help him investigate the cause. Nymph conjures up a device that enables people, but not angeloids, to enter other people's dreams.  The device malfunctions at first but eventually they get to what was supposed to be Tomoki's dream but discover that something is very wrong with it. Later, a meteor comes crashing down from the skies at the site of the large cherry blossom tree where Tomoki first discovered Ikaros.  An extremely well endowed blonde angeloid with a huge sword emerges from the meteor and sets off in search of Tomoki! There are twisted tales and twisted tales, but few are as twisted as poor Sado's, who's just realized that he actually likes being made miserable. Of course, knowing that only makes him more miserable, which in turn... well, you get the idea. Desperate to break the circle, Sado volunteers for a special club where he hopes he can work through his issues only to discover that the other members have equally... complex... issues to deal with. For example, the hyper-aggressive club president Isurugi not only has a violent fear of cats, but also believes herself to be a god! Then there's Yuno, who's terrified of men; the Nurse, who forces other people to perform cosplay; and Hayama, Sado's best friend and a compulsive cross-dresser, who's also the girl that Sado is infatuated with. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Queen's Blade OVA. Contains short stories from the lives of the warriors after the Queen's Blade competition. DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou. Ikkitousen: Xtreme Xecutor Blu-ray and DVD specials. A sequel to Aki-Sora under a new name. Mayoi Neko Overrun! Extra. Special music clip released on DVD. Shin Koihime†Musou characters sing theme songs on stage at a live event. BD specials. Panty and Stocking—the Anarchy Sisters—are two nasty-ass angels who got booted from the pearly gates for being foul-mouthed bitches! Now they spend their nights blowing up ghosts in the seedy abyss between Heaven and Earth. Panty likes sex, Stocking likes sweets, their afro-sporting main man Garter Belt has a fetish we can't mention. Together, they're turning the mean streets of Daten City into a buffet of bodily fluids. Ghosts don't stand a chance against their lingerie of mass destruction, and if this debaucherous duo can collect enough Heaven Coins, they just might get their halos back. It's a slim chance in hell, but anything can happen when you're rolling commando, especially with Panty and Stocking! (Source: FUNimation) Haruka and Sora Kasugano are coming home, to a place filled with memories. Having lost their parents in a tragic car accident, the twins resolve to return to the countryside and start life anew at their grandfather's house, the haunt a constant reminder of moments from their past. Greeting them are childhood friends Nao Yorihime and  Akira Amatsume, and newcomer Kazuha Migiwa. It is a warm welcome, symbolic of the days that should come. Their peace is merely ephemeral, however, as suppressed emotions, born from vows both newfound and forgotten, start exerting their influence on the twins' new lives. And deep down, a dark secret, only known to them, begins to unshackle. Based on the visual novel by Sphere, Yosuga no Sora not only explores the power of lost memories and true love when the bonds of many become intertwined, but also raises the questions of morality and social acceptance. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Kanna Aoyagi never really knew what her older sister Yayoi did for a living, until she turns sixteen. That’s when she finds that not only does Yayoi make erotic games (eroge), but she wants Kanna to become a voice actress for her upcoming production. At first, Kanna refuses. But one guilt trip later, Kanna winds up in the recording booth anyway, learning the ropes of eroge voice acting. How can Kanna, who’s too embarrassed to even say the mildest crude words, become a voice actress for Rated-18 games? To make matters worse, she has to keep her new day job a secret from her high school friends, and must perform in front of her older sister and her sister’s (male!) childhood friend. Soon, Kanna learns that what she lacks in experience, she makes up for with her vivid imagination. As it turns out, she might have what it takes to success after all. Special beach episode bundled with the official visual book. Short extra anime "Isshoni Bath Time". The main characters taking a bath will be displayed three dimensionally on 3D TV. Normal 2D versions are also available. A year after Lala came to Earth, she is all the more determined to make Rito fall for her, putting all her effort into it, even though she knows that Rito actually loves Haruna. Poor Rito will have to face tough times since Lala's younger twin sisters, Nana and Momo, now live in the same house, along with Rito's reliable sister, Mikan, and Celine. Fun and trouble await with their other friends from school and the many other characters, with Lala's usually catastrophic inventions, Yami's contract to kill Rito and many pending issues from the first season. (Source: AniDB) First episode is based on the 16th volume of the manga. Features Ikki vs. Ringo. Second episode is based on the 23rd/24th volume of the manga. Features Kogarasumaru vs. Sleeping Forest inside Inorganic Net. Based on Ekaterina Kurae's chapter 16 from the manga, and episode 10.5 of the anime. Episode 0 "Kanwanidai (two subepisodes: Sekirei Shindan & Sekirei Yoka)" of Sekirei ~Pure Engagement~ released on the first DVD and BD volume. Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. * An exclusive OVA produced for PAJAMAS SOFT 10th Anniversary-Project Prism Magical: Prism Generations! and included with the professional package of the game. There is a small town on the sea. Raika just enjoys his school life with Ibuki, his old friend, and Yuri, his maid. However, his father is actually a magical girl (?). Also, a group of magical girls come to his school to look for a treasure stone called Mana Prism. Though he doesn't want to wear a girl's costume, he is forced to be a magical girl as well! "Come back, my peaceful life!" To save his school, his battle against the magical girls starts now! (Source: AniDB) The six Blu-ray Disc/DVD volumes for the MM! television anime series will each include one or two new, "somewhat extreme" anime short stories. This OVA features five of the most popular girls from G-Taste: Riona Kisaragi, Yuki Shihoudou, Nana Morimura, Asuka Senou and Mai Kannazuki. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Viewers take an exercise in the bathtub and an after-bath stretch with Hinako and the new character Hiyoko. A microSD card containing the OVA data will be bundled with the DVD so that users can watch the anime on their cell phones. Stretch Time segment included. Sasha is partnered with Hana as his new Maria. They infiltrate an all-girls academy, forcing Sasha to crossdress, in search of a Qwaser-related artifact called the Magdalena of Thunder which has appeared in one of the students. However, they have some competition in their search of it. (Source: ANN) A two-episode special. They are designated as Episodes 13 and 14, and the first episode is a direct sequel to the previous series while the second episode is about the trans-sex of Natsuru. Kazuma Hoshino is preparing himself for a new stage of his life as a teenager. Because of his brother Ayumu’s weaker than average health, their parents thought it best for the family to move out from the city to a more rural environment. Now the two brothers are off to the Yorozuyo Inn where they’ll be staying until their parents can settle affairs back in the city and set up their new home. Their arrival to the inn doesn’t go as planned though when they catch the wrong bus, wind up in the middle of nowhere, Ayumu gets his hat stolen by a wild monkey, and Kazuma gets lost in the woods trying to track the animal down. It all leads to a chance encounter with a spirited young girl named Ui, who Kazuma ends up accidentally falling onto and kissing while she tries leading him back to the bus stop. This hardly sits well with Ui’s friend Ibuki who swiftly kicks Kazuma and sends him on his way. Much to Kazuma’s continued horror, his bad luck is perpetuated at the inn thanks to its landlady Senka and her slightly perverted sense of humor, and then finding out that two of his classmates are the girls he embarrassed himself in front of back in the woods! Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi finds Kazuma adapting to his new school, dealing with the multiple women who have entered his life, providing emotional support for his younger brother, and coping with living with his new landlady. However, for some reason, something about this place is bringing whispers of the past into Kazuma's mind. Small flashes back to a more innocent time and a friendship long forgotten. What could this déjà vu mean? The tennis comedy centers around the members of a female middle school soft tennis team and the twists and turns that their lives take as they aim for the nationals. (Source: MU) Mayo Chiki! 's main protagonist, Sakamachi Kinjirou, has the worst case of gynophobia known to man. Just one touch from a girl and his nose bleeds almost uncontrollably. His condition is all thanks to his family of female wrestlers who "trained" him a bit too much as a child. Through this tough love, Kinjirou developed a body able to withstand hard blows... as well as an intense fear of the female race. Life with such a handicap is difficult in itself, but after one ominous visit to the school restroom, Kinjirou's semi-peaceful existence shifts into complete chaos. He discovers that the suave Subaru-sama, the bodyguard to the headmaster's daughter Kanade, is actually a girl. In exchange for his silence in the matter, Kanade promises to help him overcome his gynophobia. A cross dressing butler, a high-class twisted beauty, a BL writer wannabe, an aspiring pro-wrestler, and someone who lives with ghosts―these are the kind of girls that Sakamachi Kinjirou must deal with everyday. With such a unique cast of characters, high school life in Mayo Chiki! is sure to bring about a ton of wacky adventures. These episodes focus on ecchi and comedy and don't have anything to do with the main story of Freezing. Matsutaka Nanako is a normal university student, who happened to enroll in an Abnormal Physiology seminar. She tries to keep her mental state sound, but other abnormal classmates start to influence her personality... (Source: MU) A high school senior named Yotaro thought he was an only child—until he met his real mother and discovered that she has 19 daughters, from 0 to 18 years old. He ends up living with his "true family." Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons. The samurai are a very important part of Japan's history, and to be related to them in any way is probably one of the most inspiring things that a young high school student could hope for. Kawakami City is well-known for having many samurai ancestors among its citizens, and is generally surrounded by an atmosphere of fighting spirit, loyalty, and dedication to work. In Maji de Watashi no Koi Shinasai! , the students of Kawakami Academy use this knowledge on a daily basis, whether they are studying for exams, competing in sports competitions, or making sure that they take very good care of their traditions. Yamato Naoe is one such student, and his six closest friends (three boys and three girls) make up the perfect team for friendship, rivalry, and motivation. However, even samurai have weaknesses. Although the balance and long friendship of their group has been undisturbed for a long time, when two new girls enter the group, things start to get a lot more interesting. Not only must they maintain what they think is the samurai tradition, but they must now also do it with a lot of "distractions." According to the official website, the fifth volume of the Blu-ray and the DVD of Onii-chan no Koto nanka Zenzen Suki Janain Dakara ne!! will include an unaired episode. It will be released on July 6th. An extra episode of Rio: Rainbow Gate! which will be bundled with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and the DVD. The Edo period of Japan gave rise to a clan of warriors with a very specialized, magical skill. The clan was known as the Manyuu, and the skill was the ability to administer a sword strike that could shrink the size of a woman’s breasts. This might not seem like an ability that could exert power over a land, but in Manyuu Hikenchou , large breasts denote status, wealth, fame, and influence. Grave concern has arisen in the Manyuu clan due to the actions of their chosen successor, Chifusa. Disgusted with the breast obsessed society that the Manyuu have created and perpetuated, Chifusa has not only deserted the clan, but also stolen the sacred scroll that details their techniques to growing and severing breasts. Fortunately, Chifusa is not completely alone. Her fellow warrior Kaede is sympathetic to her cause; a sympathy that could place her in considerable danger. Now wanted by the very clan that raised her, Chifusa must defend her life and Kaede’s while seeking to undo the damage their brethren have done to the land. Along the way, Chifusa will discover that she harbors a power that goes far beyond the scope of her training, one that could help shape and change the land that she seeks to bring equality to. An OVA bundled with the non-adult version of the OreTsuba PC game. The OVA has more fan service than the TV series (what they call, "nakedness plus 90%"). Talk about games being called unexpectedly! Hasegawa Subaru joined the basketball club at Nanashiba High, only to have his hopes dashed when the teams' play is suspended after the captain is suspected of having inappropriate feelings for the coach's underage daughter. Blindsided and blocked by bad luck, Subaru expectedly finds an opening for his talent with the hoops when his aunt asks him to take on the task of coaching a young girls' basketball club—a Ro-Kyu-Bu!. But can a superstar wannabe find true satisfaction while playing sixth man to a team of five girls? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) From the light novel series written by Minase Hazuki, comes a story of love, action, and comedy. Yachi Haruaki is a high school boy who is naturally resistant to curses. After his father sends him a mysterious black cube, Haruaki awakes to find a nude girl named Fear standing in his kitchen. She’s the human form of the cursed black cube – and an instrument of torture! Utilizing her special abilities, Fear fights alongside Haruaki to defeat other cursed instruments and their owners. (Source: FUNimation) The OVA Astaroette no Omocha is a three part short story series. In the first story, Lotte and Asuha find themselves searching for details about their school project. In the second bit, is the backstory to how Zelda came to be Lotte's bodyguard. The final of the three, is a flashback of how the queen met Naoya and how they conceived Asuha ten years prior to the events in the anime. (Source: ANN) R-15 is about a boy, Taketo Akutagawa, who attends a school for geniuses: Inspiration Academy Private High School. Taketo is a genius novelist and writes erotica. Despite negative perceptions many people have of him, he aims to be at the top of his class and be recognized as the world's greatest writer. (Source: Wikipedia) When Kodaka Hasegawa finds out that he will be transferring to a new school, he is determined to make a positive impression, and maybe even some friends. However, Kodaka discovers he is out of luck when he immediately gets labeled as a violent delinquent due to his blond hair and intimidating expression. Although a month has passed, Kodaka is still alone thanks to his notorious reputation. However, his life begins to change when he finds fellow loner Yozora Mikazuki talking to her imaginary friend in an empty classroom. After sharing stories of their lonely high school life, Kodaka and Yozora decide to overcome the difficulties of making friends together by starting the Neighbor's Club. Created for people who don't have friends, daily activities involve learning social skills and how to fit in, which will hopefully allow them to make friends. Joined by the eroge-loving Sena Kashiwazaki, and other eccentric outcasts, Kodaka may finally have managed to find people he can call friends, in this club filled with hilarious oddballs. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release. Special episodes from the Blu-rays and DVDs. Short extra anime from the DVDs and Blu-rays. BD Specials. OVAs bundled with the Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book and the Queen's Blade Rebellion Premium Visual Book. Both of the episodes will be based on Queen's Blade Rebellion, a sequel to Queen's Blade: Utsukushiki Toushitachi. According to Kadokawa, an OVA of R-15 will be bundled with the tenth volume of the novel. Episode bundled with the ninth volume of the Itsuka Tenma no Kuro Usagi novel. Includes Mirai's chibi-style dream, body-swapping and a crossover with Densetsu no Yuusha no Densetsu . Shortly before the upcoming festival, a year after the end of episode 12, Daigo decides to find a girlfriend to dance with in the festival. Will he be able to do so? Ikkitousen OVA. Specials included in the Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book's DVDs. DVD specials. Episode 1 -  朗読少年 (Lecture Shounen): Macaron's special training by Kuu-chan. Episode 2 - 朗読兄弟 (Lecture brothers): Macaron's special training by his brother Daigorou. Episode 3 - もう一つのエンディング~囚われの安藤なつ~ (Another ending ~ Natsu Andou's imprisonment): Picture dramas included with the DVD and Blu-Ray release. Each of the six volumes of the Maken-Ki! Blu-rays will carry a 10 minute long short anime "Doki Doki! Maken-ki! Himitsu no Kunren". Secret trainings with the main characters will be animated. Picture Dramas from the Blu-ray disks. Episodes: 1 - Let's Just Do It Radio! 2 - Each One's Breakfast 3 - Himea's Guitar Lesson 4 - Each One's Bath Time 5 - Traditional Feeling 6 - Izumi-chan's What If Series After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. The "Howard Resort Hotel" is an entertainment destination where people gather from around the world to grab huge fortunes. In the casino is a beautiful female dealer named Rio Rollins, known far and wide as the "Goddess of Victory". In order to approach closer to her mother, one of history's greatest dealers, she does battle to gather up the legendary cards called "gates". Those who gather all 13 gate cards are presented with the title MVCD (Most Valuable Casino Dealer), proof that they are a top dealer. Set in a vast resort, an exciting battle begins with rival dealers that'll take your breath away! Throw in some "supreme comedy" and a story that makes you cry when you least expect it, these cute and sexy girls will explode off your screen! With everyone's cheer of "Leave it to Rio!", Lady Luck'll be with you, too! Not every zombie is the monstrous, brain-eating type. One night while walking home from the convenience store, regular high school boy Ayumu Aikawa is killed by a serial killer, and is just as suddenly brought back to life by a necromancer named Eucliwood Hellscythe. One small caveat: he's now a zombie. Things get even weirder for him when he accidentally steals a magical girl's uniform, and thus her powers! Haruna, the ex-magical girl, orders him to fight evil creatures known as Megalo in her place until they can figure out a way to get her powers back to her. It seems that life is just going to get stranger and stranger for poor Ayumu from here on out in Kore wa Zombie desu ka? . Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays. Decades into the future, humanity is under siege by an alien race known as the Novas. These inhuman beings leave devastation in their wake whenever they appear, with the efforts to stave them off becoming known as Nova Clashes. Young women known as "Pandoras" and young men known as "Limiters" are implanted with stigmata to give them superhuman powers and are trained in military academies, where they must learn to work together if humanity is to have a chance of surviving. Freezing tells the story of Kazuya Aoi as he sets out for his first day at the West Genetics military academy, right when a battle royale is being undertaken by the Pandoras. It is here that he mistakes Satellizer el Bridget—a powerful Pandora known as the "Untouchable Queen"—as his deceased sister and embraces her. Though he costs her the match, she finds that his touch doesn't drive her away and decides to take him as her Limiter. The only question is whether or not their partnership can survive the machinations of their upperclassmen and the impending battle with the Novas… It's Tokyo in the 1970s, and evil youkai (demons) are attacking the human world. The "Youkai Patrol"—Enma, Princess Yukiko, Kapaeru, and Grandpa Shappo—are sent from hell to exterminate them. (Source: ANN) An OVA of Highschool of the Dead bundled with the 7th manga volume. Komuro and the gang stumble upon a deserted tropical island that looks to be free of zombies. They make use of this wonderful opportunity and dress up in skimpy swimsuits and have lots and lots of fanservice fun. Hallucinogenic substances are involved. Junior High student Nao's brother complex is so strong, it's almost at the point of incest. She's determined to make her brother, High School student Shuusuke, see her as a woman. So determined, that she goes as far as going into his room to throw away all his non-incest related porn. But as she's looking for his porno stash, she finds a photo album... and she's not in any of his childhood pictures. What is going on? (Source: MU) Catian Eris is now on a mission to learn about Earth games and how they are played, but she seems to think that bets have to be placed every time. And while some bets are material items, eventually the Catians learn about betting items of clothing... Based on Mitsuba and Ichijinsha's 30-sai no Hoken Taiiku (Health and Physical Education for 30-Year-Olds) guidebook. The guide is aimed at men in their 30s who have not experienced romance or sex with women yet. Imagawa Hayao is a 30-year-old virgin bachelor. One day, a cupid descends from heaven with the express purpose of forcing him to graduate from virginity. Thus unfolds a pure love story between a 30-year-old bachelor and a 30-year-old bachelorette. (Source: AniDB) Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. The young succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar hates men. She hates them so much, in fact, that she goes out of her way to surround herself with women, and ends up with quite a collection of ladies with quirky personalities. Unfortunately, her duties as a succubus require her to form a harem of men to replenish her magic. Astarotte lives a fairly carefree life, until the World Tree opens a path into another realm and swallows up one of her companions. Luckily, Astarotte's friend returns unharmed, along with a handsome surprise. Naoya Touhara is a man, and a human one at that. He's perfect for becoming Astarotte's first male companion, if she can get over her hatred of men and accept him into her life. Naoya decides to stay in Astarotte's world and help her on her journey into adulthood, under one condition: he wants to bring his daughter Asuha with him. Kaoru is a 17-year-old virgin who has an S&M fetish. He has always dreamt about an SM relationship with his childhood friend Nana, who is looked upon as perfect and is always the target of boys' eyes. Their relationship has somewhat deteriorated through the years, due to them hanging out with different people and because Kaoru is not taking his education too seriously. One day though, Kaoru's mother gives some of his S&M toys to Nana for safekeeping - Nana finds the leather one-piece that Kaoru bought and tries it on but accidentally locks herself in it and doesn't have the key! Kaoru frees her of the one-piece, but then Nana realizes she may like Kaoru's hobby more than she thought and subsequently the two of them start engaging in so-called "breathers". These breathers are intended to relieve Nana of stress, stress originating from her attempts at keeping her grades and her name perfect. Taito has been really sleepy lately, and keeps dreaming of a female vampire who says she has given him her "poison." Sometimes he even thinks he hears her voice when he's awake. But after surviving an accident that should have killed him, Taito's world changes drastically and he realizes that his dreams are more real than he thought. Movie adaptation of the Sora no Otoshimono manga, based on Kazane Hiyori's arc. Haneda Takashi has a secret he cannot speak of. To leave his dull school-life, he was supposed to have escaped to another world. However, he is reeled in by certain ties on his heart. One of these is Kobato, his awkward younger sister. The other is Watarai Asuka, his negligent girlfriend. Chitose Shuusuke is a poor freeloader. He passes his days working at various part-time jobs. One day, he has a disastrous first encounter with Tamaizumi Hiyoko. The next time they meet, Shuusuke discovers that they are fellow employees at his part-time job. Narita Hayato sees himself as a "hard-boiled" person. Back-breaking jobs are nothing to him. Hayato shuns normal human contact, but, during the nights, he would get together with delinquents and other denizens of the night. One such night, he meets the cheerful and oblivious Otori Naru. The relationships with these girls will greatly affect these 3 young men. But what, exactly, is the relationship these young men have with each other? (Source: AnimeNFO) Announced in the live program on Niconico douga. The story will be unrelated to the TV series. Fanservice promised. Based on the manga series by Hiromitsu Takeda, this romantic comedy is about Takeru Ohyama, a typical perverted teenage boy. His new school doesn't require entrance exams, and it just turned co-ed! Unfortunately, his dreams of a happy high school life are dashed when he finds out the school is much more than it seems. All of the students wield a special item—a Maken—to unleash their magical abilities in duels! Can Takeru find a Maken that works for him? Even while trying to fit in at a new school and dealing with all kinds of girl problems? (Source: FUNimation) OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons. Aikawa Ayumu was revived as a zombie by the cute necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. After the zany, madcap adventures in the first season of Is This a Zombie? ended, Ayumu thought his life might finally get back to normal, or as normal as it can be for a zombie. However, destiny has other plans for him. Some guys just can't catch a break. (Source: FUNimation) The story centers around a timid orphan named Mizumura Shinta who goes to a missionary school in Tokyo. His seemingly normal life changes when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Mizumura discovers that he is actually a vampire hunter and the successor of the Romuald lineage. (Source: ANN) OVA episodes bundled with the 8th and 11th volumes of the manga. The fourth and final season of The Familiar of Zero. Saito and Louise feel their bond deepening as the days go on, and they feel it might be time to take the next step in their relationship... But before that, the Queen has a mission for them. She sends them to the pope, who has both Louise and Tiffania become holy maidens. And with all the interruptions around, by both friends and foes, Louise and Saito's love will be tested to the limit. (Source: ANN) Chihiro Furuya likes zombies. There’s something about the shambling corpses and blood that appeals to him on a visual level, and since childhood he longed to enter into a romantic situation with one. He gets his wish when he encounters Rea Sanka—the daughter of the school director—at the abandoned building he uses in an attempt to resurrect Baabu, the family cat, with a resurrection potion. Hoping to escape her awful home life, Rea consumes the potion and falls to her death, only to come back as a zombie?! Could this possibly be Chihiro's dream come true, or will it be a rude awakening? High school student Issei Hyoudou is your run-of-the-mill pervert who does nothing productive with his life, peeping on women and dreaming of having his own harem one day. Things seem to be looking up for Issei when a beautiful girl asks him out on a date, although she turns out to be a fallen angel who brutally kills him! However, he gets a second chance at life when beautiful senior student Rias Gremory, who is a top-class devil, revives him as her servant, recruiting Issei into the ranks of the school's Occult Research club. Slowly adjusting to his new life, Issei must train and fight in order to survive in the violent world of angels and devils. Each new adventure leads to many hilarious (and risqué) moments with his new comrades, all the while keeping his new life a secret from his friends and family in High School DxD ! [Written by MAL Rewrite] Medaka Kurokami is, in the truest sense of the word, perfect. Beautiful, intelligent, and athletic, Medaka's dream is to make others happy. So when she runs for Student Council President of the prestigious Hakoniwa Academy, winning the election with 98% of the votes is only to be expected. The very first thing the boisterous new president does is set up the "Medaka Box," a suggestion box allowing students to submit any kind of request for assistance. Together with the cynical Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, her childhood friend who has been strong-armed into helping, Medaka fulfills these requests at a ridiculous rate. For every job completed, she adds flowers to the student council room, with the aim of filling the entire school. However, the two are about to find out that helping others may be a lot harder than they think as they begin to uncover a devastating plan centering on the academy and even Medaka herself! [Written by MAL Rewrite] A story about the humorous misadventures of Akabane Aya, an arrogant high school girl who's constantly trying to outdo her classmates in everything (especially sex appeal), only to make a fool of herself in the process. Since the story takes place in an all-girls school, expect lots of yuri fanservice innuendos without much seriousness. According to Amazon Japan, a two-volume OVA series "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" was announced.  "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" is an RPG game on PlayStaion Portable released in 2011. Power corrupts, and it when it appears that the once noble Queen Claudette's ways have turned to oppression and heretical persecution, it's up to a new generation of warriors to step up to the plate armor to bear arms and bare their naked fury in open rebellion! The odds may seem unfairly stacked in favor of the Amazonian ranks of the queen, doubly supported by her power of writ and assassins. But the incredible wits and assets of the dazzling array of daring damsels willing to risk their gorgeous skins and put their lithesome bodies on line against her, might just expose a few unexpected weaknesses in the queen's support! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Koi-Ken Love Research club member Kaede Wakamiya comments that being an idol must be extremely easy—a comment that irritates idol Nagisa Toyama. At the suggestion of her manager, all female members of the KoiKen club are invited to become an idol unit with Nagisa. Kaede then realizes that maybe being an idol isn't so easy after all... (Source: ANN) Some people suddenly find religion, but for 16-year-old Kusanagi Godou, it's that REALLY old time religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, Godou's stuck with the unwanted position of Campione!, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Heretical Gods whenever they try to muscle in on the local turf. Not only is this likely to make Godou roadkill on the Highway to Heaven, it's also a job that comes with a lot of other problems. Like how to deal with the fact that his "enhanced status" is attracting a bevy of overly-worshippy female followers. After all, they're just there to aid him in his demi-godly duties, right? So why is it that their leader, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Blandelli, seems to have such a devilish interest in encouraging some VERY unorthodox activities? Get ready for immortal affairs, heavenly harems and lots of dueling deities taking pious in the face as the ultimate smash, bash and thrash of the Titans rocks both Heaven and Earth. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Every girl is a mystery when you're a 16 year-old boy, but Mikoto Urabe is in another league. She carries scissors hidden in her stockings. She sleeps on her desk every day. She seems to have no friends whatsoever. But none of that can compare to what happens when Tsubaki Akira decides on a whim to taste a drop of her drool while Urabe sleeps. From that moment onward, things between Urabe and Akira are never the same, and the mysterious girl slowly becomes Akira's mysterious girlfriend.  Along with their friends Ueno Kouhei and Oka Ayuko, Akira and Uraba try and navigate the minefield of high school first romance－and all the strange things that happen along the way. Unaired episode included with the fifth volume of the Blu-ray. The gang goes on a school trip. NEVER make a deal with a wet goddess you've only just met. That's a lesson Ryosuke Kaga learns the hard way when he foolishly agrees to let Lisara Restole use some of his "essence" to stay in this world. Because despite her smoking hot appearance, Lisara's actually a Shinigami, a Goddess of Death. However, she DOESN'T steal years off his life like any decent Shinigami would do. Oh no, instead she sucks him dry of something much more perverse by leeching off his lecherous spirit and draining his ability to enjoy... er... the things that teenage boys normally spend most of their time thinking about! And now that he's been de-debased and de-debauched by her un-dirty trick, the poor regenerated degenerate's only hope of getting his licentiousness renewed is to join the queen of mental-clean on her quest, since when she leaves our mortal plane he regains his normal immorality! But the termination of the probation of his reprobation isn't guaranteed, because Goddesses of Death can be really harsh mistresses and it's going to be anything but easy to go back to being sleazy! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The story revolves around Yuuki Kagami, a boy who enrolls in the academy of his dreams as a honors student — and is mistakenly put in the girls' dormitory where boys are prohibited. Faced with the possibility of having to leave the school, Yuuki has to dress up as a girl in the dormitory. On top of things, he ends up rooming with the female teacher Ayana Kakinozaka, who has to watch over him. #1: Oppai, Minorimasu! (Episode 13) A rumor is going about the school about how girls are disappearing and coming back ill and with their breast size decreased. #2: Oppai, Motomemasu! (Episode 14) While observing how the others do their jobs so they can do theirs better, Issei and Asia go with Rias to see if a coffin is cursed. During the investigation Issei is possessed by an Egyptian magician named Unas, It just so happens that Unas is just as perverted as Issei. Unas will only leave Issei's body if they can release Unas from the curse placed on him by a devil that Unas tried to make his bride. Two OVA episodes are bundled as DVDs with each of volumes 6 and 7 of the manga. The first OVA is a prequel story written by the manga's author. Before the beginning of the main story, Rea and Chihiro have already met at a certain place: an outdoor hot-spring bath. The second OVA takes place after the series (effectively episode 14). The Furuya family finds a mysterious young girl hiding under the household temple. OVA released with the 9th volume of the manga. "Chibi-style" special included in the last Blu-Ray. About thirty years prior to the start of Hagure Yuusha no Aesthetica , a number of selected people from Earth were summoned to other worlds with only about half of them being able to return. One of the young people chosen was Akatsuki Ousawa, who was sent to Alayzard to defeat the Dark Lord Garius, which he did, before returning to his original world. Some of the successful chosen ones brought back little trinkets as souvenirs. Akatsuki, on the other hand, went a different route—he brought back the defeated Dark Lord's daughter, Miu, who is now posing as his long lost little sister! Upon returning, Akatsuki and Miu are forced to join a special school called BABEL where they must train to one day master the powers they gained in Alayzard, in hopes that they will one day be able to serve mankind. Will Akatsuki and Miu be able to keep her true identity a secret or will their plan to live peaceful lives together go up in flames? Many people are falling prey to a suspicious new religion. Lupin III infiltrates this group, hoping to steal the treasure their leader keeps hidden. There he lays eyes on the beautiful, bewitching woman who has the leader enthralled. This is the story of how fashionable female thief Fujiko Mine first met Lupin III, the greatest thief of his generation. (Source: ANN) A series of 3-5 minute specials that were bundled with the HighSchool DxD DVD and Blu-rays. They are a stand alone set of episodes that are not a part of any story line in particular. Special 1: Going Sunbathing! - The Occult Research Club goes on a beach outing. Special 2: Issei's Private Training! - Issei is being given lessons in magic by Akeno. Special 3: A Little Bold, Koneko-Chan... Nyan! - Koneko accidentally has her personality reversed magically, making her incredibly sexually active and reversing her sexual preference. Special 4: The Untold Story of The Dress Break's Birth! - A few flashbacks of how Issei first found out and eventually perfected his special move, Dress Break. Special 5: Making Udon! - As part of a penalty for losing a bet, Sona and Tsubaki make udon for the Occult Research Club but the udon comes to life in a peculiar way... Special 6: Asia Transforms! - Asia wants to prove she is just as bad as any demon by using ideas found in Issei's magazines, going as far as dressing up like a harlot and seducing him. (Source: Wikipedia) Is insanity hereditary? Shougo Mikadono's beginning to think so, because the terms of his late father's will seem crazy and following them may drive Shougo bonkers as well. Oh, it sounds simple at first: before Shougo can claim his VERY large inheritance, he just has to start attending a certain new school and find a nice girl to marry. It's a little unromantic, but perfectly do-able, right? After all, all the girls seem quite friendly, so all Shougo has to do is find one he has something in common with. EXCEPT, and here's the kicker, it turns out that Shougo has WAY too much in common with one of them, because she's actually his long lost sister! And he has no idea which one she is! Will Shougo meet and court his Miss Right without committing something very morally wrong? Can he find his future bride without slipping into the wrong set of genes? And if his little sister does reveal herself, just how much will be revealed and under what circumstances? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) As close encounters of the twisted kind between the residents of the planet Develuke (represented primarily by the female members of the royal family) and the inhabitants of Earth (represented mainly by one very exhausted Rito Yuki) continue to escalate, the situation spirals even further out of control. When junior princesses Nana and Momo transferred into Earth School where big sister LaLa can (theoretically) keep an eye on them, things SHOULD be smooth sailing. But when Momo decides she'd like to "supplement" Rito's relationship with LaLa with a little "sisterly love," you know LaLa's not going to waste any time splitting harems. Unfortunately, it's just about that point that Yami, the Golden Darkness, enters the scene with all the subtleness of a supernova, along with an army of possessed high school students! All of which is certain to make Rito's life suck more than a black hole at the family picnic. Unless, of course, a certain semi-demonic princess can apply a little of her Develukean Whoop Ass to exactly that portion of certain other heavenly bodies! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Each special will be about a different character. Noya Itsuki just transferred to Ebisugawa High School. Since he has always had a fascination with space, he decides to join the Astronomy Club. However, he mistakenly walks into the Asstronomy Club - a club whose members are all female otaku. Itsuki notices that the members are really weird, but he has yet to realize that he joined the wrong club. His life becomes very strange very quickly. OVA bundled with 4th volume of manga. After six years of living separately, brother and sister Akiko and Akito Himenokouji are finally reunited. The two used to be quite close, until their parents died and they were sent to live with separate foster families. Now the two can live together and go to the same school as brother and extremely loving sister! It doesn’t take long before it becomes abundantly clear that Akiko has a huge brother complex. Unfortunately for Akiko, her brother only sees her as a little sister he must protect. But that won’t stop her from trying to win her brother’s affections! Things are only complicated when more girls move in with the siblings, making Akiko even more determined than ever to keep her brother’s eyes only on her. That’s tough to do with other girls flaunting their swimsuit-clad bodies at Akito, fighting over who gets to take care of him, and otherwise meddling in Akiko's plans for her brother. This is going to be one fun household…! After the defeat of Myouri Unzen at the hands of Medaka Kurokami and her Student Council, peace has returned to Hakoniwa Academy—at least, for a short while. Soon, Medaka, Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Kouki  Akune, and Mogana Kikaijima find themselves wrapped up in another sinister scheme, known as the "Flask Plan," led by the school's principal himself. However, the council's first problem is to deal with a whole new group of superhuman students calling themselves the "Thirteen Party," led by the egotistical but powerful Oudo Miyakonojou. With the mysterious Flask Plan, Oudo's tyranny, and the resurfacing of an old enemy, the state of Hakoniwa Academy is far from tranquil, and Medaka and her companions have their hands full as things only get a lot more abnormal. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A promotional video for Hagure Yuusha no Estetica, with a little battle against Queen's Blade: Rebellion characters, as the first part. The second part is the real preview Hagure Yuusha no Estetica. Asuka is a cute and clueless high school girl who habitually does things, in all innocence, that seem sexually suggestive to the men around her. Each chapter in "Today's Asuka Show" features a different awkward situation. (Source: tethysdust) Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc. Recap episode aired between episodes 7 and 8. An unaired OVA episode of Kore wa Zombie Desu ka? of the Dead . It is the 11th episode and was bundled with the sixth volume of the manga. A three-volume OVA of Code:Breaker.  Each volume will be bundled with volumes 22-24 of the manga, respectively. Subtitles and release dates: Vol.1: "code:extra 1,2,3 & Plus 1", Dec 17, 2012 Vol.2: "code:100 & extra HANAMI & Plus 2", Feb 15, 2013 Vol.3: "code:4koma Special Theater", Apr 17, 2013 DVD/BD Specials Short specials included in the Onii-chan Dakedo Ai Sae Areba Kankeinai yo ne Blu-rays and DVDs. BD/DVD specials. Doujinshi anime Blu-ray Disc offered at the Comic Market 82 event on August 2012. Extra episode included on BD/DVD vol. 6; effectively episode 13. Despite their decaying bodies, Rea’s zombie power comes in handy both at school and at home, and Babu gets interested in another cat—although this particular feline is one of the living. (Source: FUNimation) After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. In 1945, Yoshika Miyafuji, who lost her witch powers during the Strike Witches' last assignment, has been studying to become a doctor. Shizuka Hattori, one of her cadets in the Imperial Fuso Navy, then arrives to deliver a message: Yoshika is to be transferred for study abroad in Europe. (Source: Kadokawa) OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. Hagiwara Sakura and Miyazawa Elena are the leading members of a popular idol group, Sweet Diva. One day, Elena is injured by the attack of a female pro-wrestler Kazama Rio during the recording of a TV program. Sakura gets mad at Rio and gives her a dropkick. To avenge Elena, Sakura enters the female pro-wrestling matches. Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. Friendship is the key to protecting the world. That is everyone's wish. Here in a world where science has solved all questions. This story is set in Oshima. The happy, carefree 14-year-old Akane Isshiki lived a poor, but well loved life together with her reliable little sister, Momo, who does all the housework, and her grandfather, Kenjirou, a genius inventor who only created useless devices. When the weather is clear, they can see the artificial island, Blue Island, across the sea. In the center of that island rises the revolutionary Manifestation Engine, a discovery that solved the world's energy problems. It is a peaceful future, just like everyone dreamed of. One where everyone can smile and be happy... But suddenly, the world is visited by danger. An unknown enemy, the Alone, appear, targeting the Manifestation Engine. As none of their weapons worked and they fell into despair, a lone girl takes a stand wearing a red "Palette Suit" which wields a great, hidden power. Before long, allies gather around her to fight. And their friendship becomes the only hope for saving the world! (Source: ANN) On the island of Hatsunejima, where spring is eternal, grows a particular large cherry blossom tree. This cherry blossom tree never withers, and is said to be able to fulfill any wish. However, one day, this tree had become a normal cherry blossom tree... Blu-ray disc bundled with the fourth volume of the manga. With their school's pool opening the next day, Iria schemes up the idea to hold a swimsuit contest. With Lisara, Mina, Quele, and Iria herself all participating in the event. The Hanzo Academy is a prestigious prep school with a secret known only to a select few. Behind its walls is a training course for shinobi; trained spies and assassins that centuries ago had served the shoguns for their political and military needs. Today the tradition continues with five young female trainees with diverse personalities: the care-free Asuka, fierce yet perverted Katsuragi, the sweet and innocent Hibari, stoic and protective Yagyuu, and their mature, class representative, Ikaruga. Senran Kagura tells the story of these five girls and their secret journey to complete their shinobi training. The journey quickly becomes more complicated than they expect though when a darker, more sinister group of shinobi reveal themselves. Not only do they know of the girls at the Hanzo Academy, but they seem fully intent on and capable of proving themselves to be the superior, modern day shinobi. Through honing their skills, harnessing the power of their secret scrolls to perform shinobi transformations, and working together as a team, Asuka and her friends must rise to meet this new challenge. Not just for the sake of their training, but for the everything the Hanzo Academy stands for. Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc. Second season of Hyakka Ryoran: Samurai Girls. Choosing which high school club to join can be a daunting task. After all, there are only so many hours in the day, not to mention the power struggle between cyborgs and part canine-females. At least, that's the conundrum that Haruki Komaba finds himself trapped in. Airi Kuze is a mechanical science master with a crush on Haruki. Touko Hizuki is a half-dog, half-girl chemical science master who's also fond of Haruki. Unfortunately for Haruki, he accidentally promised to join both clubs and finds himself in the middle of a fierce battle for his membership and, if Airi has anything to say about it, his hand in marriage. As if things weren't complicated enough, Ayana's perverted older sister Touko has decided to intervene on her younger sibling's behalf, bringing her own brand of sexually charged chemical science into the mix. Haruki's going to have a difficult time deciding on a club. If the girls don't end up tearing each other apart first, that is. The misadventures of Issei Hyoudou, high school pervert and aspiring Harem King, continue on in High School DxD New . As the members of the Occult Research Club carry out their regular activities, it becomes increasingly obvious that there is something wrong with their Knight, the usually composed and alert Yuuto Kiba. Soon, Issei learns of Kiba's dark, bloody past and its connection to the mysterious Holy Swords. Once the subject of a cruel experiment, Kiba now seeks revenge on all those who wronged him. With the return of an old enemy, as well as the appearance of two new, Holy Sword-wielding beauties, it isn't long before Issei and his Devil comrades are plunged into a twisted plot once more. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired 13th episode of the TV series. Ro-Kyu-Bu! OVA bundled with the PlayStation Portable game "Ro-Kyu-Bu!: Himitsu no Otoshimono." Second season of Ro-Kyu-Bu! Vanquished Queens OVAs depicts what happened to various characters who were absent in Queen's Blade: Rebellion and what happened to them after Queen's Blade: Utsukushiki Toushitachi. Kazuya, a mild-mannered high school sophomore coming to the end of a very average summer break, receives a digital single lens reflex camera as a gift. His nerdy fascination with its design soon turns to wonder when he realizes this little gadget could really give his social life a shot in the arm! (Source: TBS) Botan Ichige has just enrolled in St. Asmaria All-Girl's School where angels are said to live. It turns out that angels do indeed live there, and after an accident, an angel named Un offers Botan her halo as a snack. After eating it, Botan discovers it had some bizarre side-effects, causing her to regularly "give birth" to colorful mushrooms. Is this the life of an angel!? (Source: MU)  When Tatsuhiko Kido moved into his new apartment to begin attending art school, he never imagined that his neighbor would be a perverted, blackmailing female with a voyeurism fetish. Nozoki Ana details the strange relationship between art student Tatsuhiko and Emiru Ikuno, the woman he meets through a crack in his wall. Emiru attempts to draw the reluctant Tatsuhiko into her fetish, ultimately resorting to blackmailing him with pictures in order to keep him involved in her game. Tatsuhiko is now forced to let Emiro spy on him, and is even seduced into peeping on her as well! The cherry on top of the cake is, Tatsuhiko finds out that Emiru is more than just a neighbor; she’s a fellow student whose path he’ll be crossing on a regular basis outside of their voyeuristic arrangement. As their lives continue, they both find that their mutual peeping draws them together in ways larger than they could have anticipated. Whether it be interfering with their respective relationships or watching out for each other’s safety, Emiru and Tatsuhiko are set to embark on a unique friendship with wildly erotic potential. During the early 20th century, along with technological advancements, scientists were able to develop sophisticated magic. The combination of science and sorcery was Makinot, circuits made from spells that were put into objects to bring them to life and even gain a personality. It was developed as a military weapon and has now spread throughout the world. Akabane Raishin is now attending the Royal Academy to become the best in the world. Accompanied by the lovely teenage girl Yaya, who is actually Raishin's puppet weapon, he plans on rocketing to the top of the class. However, his test scores come nearly dead last although his combat skills and determination are second to none. Raishin has to compete with the deadliest of classmates if he wants to come out as the king. (Source: Moetron) Special, unaired, episodes released with the Senran Kagura BD/DVDs. When Fuuka hit her second year of middle school, puberty kicked in. Now she's really tall and has huge boobs. Due to her hairstyle, her classmates call her "Saipu", after the cyclops. Her affection for her older brother was cute when she was a little girl and said she wanted to marry him. Now it just freaks him out, since she's decided she's adult enough to follow through on her childish promises. (Source: MU) Second season of Freezing. Ever since the 10th NOVA clash, the Chevalier had concluded that the NOVA have been appearing at a steadier rate and they are losing more Pandoras than they can produce. Their solution is the E-Pandora Project which involves normal humans being given the power to become Pandoras. Inviting Pandora from around the world to their Alaskan base witness the unveiling of their new project, Satellizer, Kazuya and Rana are among those who have been summoned. However, as time goes the E-Pandora Project starts to become fishier and the Pandoras start to grow more and more concerned... The story centers on Mizutani Masayuki, an ordinary high school boy. His classmate Shimizu Sayaka lives in his home as a zealously intrusive maid, leading to uncomfortably erotic situations. (Source: ANN) Specials included on the Vanquished Queens Blu-rays/DVDs. Kojou Akatsuki's days as an ordinary high school student in the Demon District of Itogami Island come to an abrupt end after a fateful encounter leaves him with the remarkable abilities of a vampire. It isn't long before he is thrust into the center of attention when it is discovered that he is the fourth primogenitor, an immensely powerful vampire whom most consider to be merely a legend. Fearing Kojou's destructive potential, the Lion King Organization sends in an apprentice sword-shaman, Yukina Himeragi, to monitor, and should he become a threat, kill the boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire. Forced together by circumstance, the two form an unlikely alliance as Kojou comes to terms with his abilities and they both struggle to protect the city from various emerging chaotic forces. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Dreaming of becoming a hero and vanquishing the Demon King, Raul Chaser enters the Hero Training Program in pursuit of his ambition. However, when the Demon King is defeated and peace returns to the world, the Hero Training Program is suspended indefinitely, making it impossible for anyone to become a hero. Two years later, Raul reluctantly works at a small electronics store called Magic Shop Leon. Though the former hero-in-training is plagued by the mundanity of working in retail, everything changes with the arrival of a new hire. Appearing at first to be just a boy with good looks, "he" turns out to be a female demon by the name of Fino Bloodstone. She is not just any old demon either—Raul's new coworker is in fact the daughter of the late Demon King! Handed the responsibility of training this eccentric new employee, Raul soon finds his life becoming livelier than it ever was before. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials bundled with each of all five Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Taking place at Winford Academy located in an old town called Helen's Hill, the story is all about knights and the sport of jousting. At this school, students learn how to become knights, ride horses and joust properly. The main character is a young man named Takahiro Mizuno who was training to become a knight and jouster but after suffering an injury he dropped out of the knight program and joined the begleiter (assistant) program instead. Due to his animal handling skills and former experience as a jouster, this makes him a hot commodity. Multiple beautiful girls in the school want him to become their personal begleiter, though Takahiro always refuses their offers. One day a bizarre accident causes his friend, Mio Kisaski, to be challenged to a jousting duel despite her not actually being a knight. Takahiro agrees to become her temporary begleiter, but that ends up only being the beginning of their partnership as she enrolls in the annual tournament. Specials included on DVDs and Blu-rays. Unaired ep.13 included on BD/DVD. Recap of the first six episodes aired between episode 6-7. Also contains footage from Ro-Kyu-Bu!: Tomoka no Ichigo Sundae OVA. Short specials included on the BD/DVD volumes of "Sekai de Ichiban Tsuyoku Naritai!" Short specials included on the BD/DVD volumes of Freezing Vibration. Original animation to be included in the BD and DVD volume releases of Machine-Doll wa Kizutsukanai. Volume 1: "Soshite Futari wa Manabisha e (And So They Arrive at School)" Volume 2: "Irori, Rotenburo de Sosou suru (Irori Has an Accident at the Open-Air Bath)" Volume 3: "Char and Frey, Senritsu no Bathroom (Charl, Frey, and the Bathroom of Terror)" Volume 4: "Akabane Nadeshiko, Natsu no Yo no Yume (Nadeshiko Akabane, Midsummer Night's Dream)" Volume 5: "Kojin Jugyou: Imishitsu de Bijo Futari to~ (Private Lesson - Two Beauties in an Infirmary)" Volume 6: "Bishoujo Shuugou! Mizugi Darake no Daisoudou (Pretty Girls Gather! Swimsuit-Stubbed Pandemonium)" After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. OVAs bundled with the special edition of the 26th, 27th, 31st, 35th and 38th volumes of the manga. The second movie of Sora no Otoshimono that concludes the anime series. Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. Takeru continues his education at Tenbi Academy as part of the newly formed Security Committee. As a team with the other members, they battle unscrupulous individuals who use their Maken for evil purposes. In the meantime, his libido and the conflicting romantic interests of the girls surrounding him complicate matters considerably. (Source: ANN) Saikin, Imouto no Yousu ga Chotto Okashiinda ga. follows a family just starting to rebuild. When they marry, Mr. and Mrs. Kanzaki bring a teenage son and daughter along for the ride. But high school freshman Mitsuki Kanzaki is less than thrilled. Stinging from a history of absent and abusive father figures, she is slow to accept her stepfather and stepbrother. But after an accident lands Mitsuki in the hospital, she finds herself possessed by the ghost of Hiyori Kotobuki, a girl her age who was deeply in love with Mitsuki's stepbrother Yuuya. Hiyori cannot pass on to her final reward because of her unrequited love for Yuuya, meaning she's got to consummate it... in Mitsuki's body?! Now, Mitsuki's life depends on getting Hiyori to Heaven. But will she get used to sharing herself with a pushy, amorous ghost? Can she overcome her distrust of her new family? Can she bring herself to fulfill Hiyori's feelings for Yuuya? And might she be hiding some feelings of her own? Kousaku Hata loves idols to the point of obsession. He enjoys their joyful performances and positive songs, which help to make his countryside life a little more exciting. His favorite idol is the beautiful Yuka Kusakabe, who enjoys the admiration of countless fans. However, at what seems to be the peak of her career, Yuka suddenly retires from the entertainment industry, leaving fans in utter shock, particularly Hata. He is devastated to the point where the absence of Yuka in his life changes everything in his daily routine. He becomes depressed, isolates himself from his friends, and neglects almost all of his school activities. However, after being dragged to class by his friends, he is met with nothing short of a miracle—his beloved idol Yuka has transferred into his class, introducing herself as Ringo Kinoshita. In Nourin , Hata’s wildest fantasy has just come true, and he is determined to use this once in a lifetime opportunity to get close to his favorite idol, and to find out what in the world made such a glamorous girl move to the countryside. Kojou Akatsuki's days as an ordinary high school student in the Demon District of Itogami Island come to an abrupt end after a fateful encounter leaves him with the remarkable abilities of a vampire. It isn't long before he is thrust into the center of attention when it is discovered that he is the fourth primogenitor, an immensely powerful vampire whom most consider to be merely a legend. Fearing Kojou's destructive potential, the Lion King Organization sends in an apprentice sword-shaman, Yukina Himeragi, to monitor, and should he become a threat, kill the boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire. Forced together by circumstance, the two form an unlikely alliance as Kojou comes to terms with his abilities and they both struggle to protect the city from various emerging chaotic forces. [Written by MAL Rewrite] No Game No Life is a surreal comedy that follows Sora and Shiro, shut-in NEET siblings and the online gamer duo behind the legendary username "Kuuhaku." They view the real world as just another lousy game; however, a strange e-mail challenging them to a chess match changes everything—the brother and sister are plunged into an otherworldly realm where they meet Tet, the God of Games. The mysterious god welcomes Sora and Shiro to Disboard, a world where all forms of conflict—from petty squabbles to the fate of whole countries—are settled not through war, but by way of high-stake games. This system works thanks to a fundamental rule wherein each party must wager something they deem to be of equal value to the other party's wager. In this strange land where the very idea of humanity is reduced to child’s play, the indifferent genius gamer duo of Sora and Shiro have finally found a real reason to keep playing games: to unite the sixteen races of Disboard, defeat Tet, and become the gods of this new, gaming-is-everything world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode that was released with volume 9 of the light novel. Raul had always wanted to be a hero, but failed the exams necessary to become one. He reluctantly took a job working at a small electronics store called Magic Shop Leon. His life is dull but busy until a new girl comes applying for a part time job. She's the daughter of the demon king who defeated him in his exam. (Source: Crunchyroll) Learning to ride and tame dragons comes easy to most students at Ansarivan Dragonar Academy—except for first-year student Ash Blake, who is known by his fellow classmates as the "number one problem child." Poor Ash is the laughing stock at school because, despite his unfashionably large star-shaped brand that marks him as a future dragon master, he has nothing to show for it. His dragon has never appeared. Until now, that is. One fateful day, Ash's dragon awakes in full glory, but appears different than any dragon ever seen before—in the form of a beautiful girl! What's worse, Ash soon discovers that this new dragon has attitude to spare, as she promptly informs him that she is the master, and he, the servant. Ash's problems with dragon riding have only just begun. (Source: ANN) Soul Eater NOT! is a spin-off and side story that takes place one year prior to the events of the original Soul Eater . At the Death Weapon Meister Academy, humans born with the power to transform into weapons and those with the power to wield these weapons (Meisters) train to hone their natural talent. The characters of the main series are enrolled in the Especially Advantaged Talent class, where they train to become warriors of justice capable of defeating what threats prey on innocent lives—or even the entire world. Other students at the DWMA are less talented. Members of the Normally Overcome Target class focus less on being warriors of justice and more on controlling their powers so they don't hurt themselves or anyone around them. Tsugumi Harudori, a new halberd-transforming student, meets Meisters Meme Tatane and Anya Hepburn and quickly grows indecisive about which of the two new friends should be her partner. As they learn to use these powers and settle in, their lives as everyday students will be far from normal. An OVA bundled with a limited-edition of the 10th and final volume of Fight Ippatsu! Juuden-chan!! manga. (Source: ANN) This OVA is divided into two parts. First one is about Torii Shoutarou following his younger sister on a date. Second one is about Christmas Eve, which Mitsuki, Yuuya and their friends spend at Kanzaki's house. Bundled with the limited-edition volume 7 of the manga. (Source: AniDB) The comedy centers around a high school boy named Madanbashi Kouichi who has Hi-ERo particles, the power source to operate the robotic weapon Daimidaler. With the help of Sonan Kyouko from the mysterious Prince Beauty Parlor organization, he stands up against the Penguin Empire that troubles humanity. (Source: ANN) The story depicts the work-life of a perverted mangaka, Aito Yuuki, and his assistant, Ashisu Sahoto. Constantly pressured by his editor and lacking experience with girls, Aito asks Ashisu to act as a reference. (Source: AniDB) Momoko is a beautiful young sword fighter who was born inside a peach (momo in Japanese). She lives with her constant companions—the dog god Inugami, the monkey god Sarugami, and the pheasant god Kijigami—in a peaceful paradise. However, a demon army led by devil king invades the paradise and steals the precious treasure that protects Momoko's land. To retrieve the treasure and save the people, Momoko embarks on a great adventure with her three companions. (Source: ANN) Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance takes place at a very prestigious school for holy shrine princesses called Areishia Spirit Academy. At this school, the girls train to be elementalists and try to form slave contracts with spirits so that they can compete in battles against one another. Only females have this privilege... at least until now. Kamito Kazehaya is a normal guy in pretty much all respects except for the fact that he's the first man in 1,000 years to be able to form a contract with a spirit (which he "stole" from a shrine princess named Claire Rouge). Additionally, the headmaster of the school, Greyworth, has summoned him to enroll and is forcing him to participate in a special tournament that will take place two months down the road. With Claire demanding that he become her contracted spirit, will Kamito even manage to survive the entire two months until the tournament takes place? Rail Wars! takes place in an alternate universe where the Japanese government remains in control of the nation's railway systems. Because of the stability afforded by the leadership of the government, the railway system is allowed to flourish. Naoto Takayama aspires to become an employee for Japan National Railways because of the comfortable life that it will enable him to live. In order to accomplish this he enters its training program, where students must demonstrate their knowledge of trains as well as their ability to be ready for any challenge that might arise. During this time period he will encounter other students such as the athletically gifted Aoi Sakura, the constantly hungry Sho Iwaizumi, and the human encyclopedia Haruka Komi. Together they will work towards surviving their trainee period, all the while taking on purse snatchers, bomb threats, and the looming specter of the extremist “RJ” group who wants to privatize the railway system. Shouta Handa is a jobless 25 year old who is sick and tired of his boring life. One evening, at the class reunion, he gets to meet all of the cute girls that used to be his classmates. He soon discovers that they are all successful with interesting careers, and even more importantly—really beautiful now, with bigger curves. Unfortunately, it seems that they are all aware of his boring, unsuccessful life, so they mock him and call him a loser, just like in the old days. Everything changes when Shouta goes for a walk to have a smoke and accidentally falls into the school swimming pool. This triggers a supernatural phenomenon that takes him back ten years into the past. He finds himself in the same swimming pool during swimming class, surrounded by his female classmates in bikinis. How is Shouta going to deal with their cuteness and closeness now that he is a grown man in a boy's body? Hot Spring-themed OVA of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san W . Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes. (Source: ANN) Mini-OVA specials bundled with each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kenzen Robo Daimidaler . In a world similar to the European Middle Ages, the feared yet revered Holy Knights of Britannia use immensely powerful magic to protect the region of Britannia and its kingdoms. However, a small subset of the Knights supposedly betrayed their homeland and turned their blades against their comrades in an attempt to overthrow the ruler of Liones. They were defeated by the Holy Knights, but rumors continued to persist that these legendary knights, called the "Seven Deadly Sins," were still alive. Ten years later, the Holy Knights themselves staged a coup d’état, and thus became the new, tyrannical rulers of the Kingdom of Liones. Based on the best-selling manga series of the same name, Nanatsu no Taizai follows the adventures of Elizabeth, the third princess of the Kingdom of Liones, and her search for the Seven Deadly Sins. With their help, she endeavors to not only take back her kingdom from the Holy Knights, but to also seek justice in an unjust world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shibaki is a high-school boy whose only interest is girls. Except he's been branded as the most perverted boy at school and the girls avoid him like the plague. One day he finds a book in the library about how to summon witches. He tries it as a joke, but it turns out to be the real thing. An apprentice witch named Rurumo appears to grant him a wish. Shibaki helps Rurumo and she in return refuses to take his soul. (This part of this story happened before the start of chapter 1) When the story starts, Shibaki wishes he could see Rurumo again. His wishes are granted immediately as Rurumo falls from the sky and crash lands in front of him. He finds out that as punishment for not taking his soul she's been busted down to an apprentice demon. Now, she must complete the task of getting Shibaki to use up 666 magic tickets that grant wishes before she can become a witch again. However, what she doesn't know is that each time he uses a ticket it shortens his life. When the last ticket is used up, Shibaki will die. Shibaki knows this because Rurumo's familiar black cat Chiro tells him as part of the "contract" for giving him the tickets. Now, Shibaki has a choice, make a wish and help Rurumo become a witch again or resist the temptation and try to save his own life. (Source: jCafe24) Three new OVAs of Futari Ecchi released as standard DVDs and as part of a Premium DVD Box containing all seven OVAs of the series. Blu-ray/DVD specials of Maken-Ki! Two . Suga Kimio finds himself hiding in the girls locker room, unable to move or escape the situation as the girls in his school crowd in. Although he originally had no ulterior motives, he found himself panicking as he heard the girls coming in and hid in a locker. Komine Nozomi, one of the shy girls in his class finds him, but surprisingly covers for him. Perplexed but glad, Kimio goes home. Later that night, he gets a text from Nozomi who happens to live across the way on the same floor of the complex they both live in. She blackmails him into agreeing to show each other's bodies when she texts him. Kimio has to abide by Nozomi's insane demands or risk ruining his school life so they both start their little peep show through each other's windows... (Source: MangaHelpers) In a fantasy version of Europe, a war between enemy countries is brewing. One of these countries, Zhcted, has its seven regions ruled by War Maidens, known as Vanadis. Equipped with powerful dragon-carved weapons, Eleonora "Elen" Viltaria, one of the Vanadis, launches an invasion against their neighboring rival country of Brune. Eventually, Tigrevurmud "Tigre" Vorn, a young archer and an earl for Brune's region of Alsace, has his entire army decimated at Elen's hands. In a strange twist of events, Elen spares Tigre, and gives him the order, "Become mine!" What could be the meaning behind this new alliance? Adapted from the light novel written by Tsukasa Kawaguchi, Madan no Ou to Vanadis is an epic adventure filled with complex war tactics and beautiful women. Trapped in a multinational conflict, Tigre and Elen are swept up in a war filled with dark secrets, conspiracies, and corruption. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials released with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind! (Source: MU) Bundled with the limited edition 5th, 6th, and 7th manga volumes. Unaired episode 11.5 included with the second Blu-ray/DVD volume. Unaired episode 13 of Akuma no Riddle released with the seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume. The special will be previewed at a screening in Tokyo City on November 22, 2014. The BD/DVD will be released on December 17, 2014. Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series. “Awaken now, Kasuga Arata.” With those words, Arata’s uneventful, carefree life ends forever. A black shadow covers the sun and Arata’s entire town is reduced to rubble, all the people in it spirited away by the blackness of the sun in an event called a "breakdown phenomenon". As Arata’s memories come flooding back, he realizes he’s been living inside an illusion created by a powerful book of spells. Lilith Asami, a mage dispatched to investigate the phenomenon, gives Arata two choices: hand over the book, or die. Arata chooses the third option: enrolling in the top-secret magic school Royal Biblia Academy. Waiting for him at the academy are seven beautiful magic users, the Trinity Seven , each with her own power and skill. With so many women surrounding him, there are plenty of opportunities to have some silly perverted fun. But it’s not all fun and games for Arata. Spurred on by the memory of his cousin and childhood friend Hijiri Kasuga, Arata will stop at nothing to stop the destruction of the world and bring his best friend back. Mini specials bundled on each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance . Each special is tied to the new 32-page short story that original light novel author Shimizu Yuu is writing for the limited first pressing of every Blu-ray/DVD volume. New Ikkitousen OVA. Short flash episodes included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. The story centers on Moyako Konoe and her younger brother Akira. When they were younger, Akira proposed to her, so Moyako thinks he is a pervert who has fallen in love with his older sister. Moyako's misunderstanding leads her to create wild delusions about her brother. Episodes #1: Ane Prologue #2: Ane Furo #3: Ane Morning #4: Ane Friend #6: Ane Ponytail #8: Ane Hip The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site) Two picture drama episodes included in the last Blu-ray volume of the TV series. A foxy temptress. A strange misty tree demon. A girl with the power of the goddess Xianjia! Being caught between these women is a feat in it of itself, but our hero Feng Xi must fight in order to protect the peace and save the world! (Source: EIH Scans) Short specials added to Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Picture Drama episodes bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes. Sakuraba tries to draw Shirasaki, and things take a turn for the ecchi. In addition to the flash anime, 3 short special episodes were included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. Episodes #1: Sekai no Ane Ijin no Jikan #2: Moya-nee Boot Camp #3: Ane Denwa Soudan After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh. Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan , simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say. Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga. Running into your new stepsister in the bathroom is not the best way to make a good first impression, which Basara Toujou learns the hard way. When his father suddenly brings home two beautiful girls and introduces them as his new siblings, he has no choice but to accept into his family the Naruse sisters: busty redhead Mio and petite silver-haired Maria. But when these seemingly normal girls reveal themselves as demons—Mio the former Demon Lord's only daughter and Maria her trusted succubus servant—Basara is forced to reveal himself as a former member of a clan of "Heroes," sworn enemies of the demons. However, having begun to care for his new sisters, Basara instead decides to protect them with his powers and forms a master-servant contract with Mio to keep watch over her. With the Heroes observing his every move and the constant threat of hostile demons, Basara has to do the impossible to protect his new family members. Moreover, the protector himself is hiding his own dark secret that still haunts him to this day... [Written by MAL Rewrite] Tomoya Aki, an otaku, has been obsessed with collecting anime and light novels for years, attaching himself to various series with captivating stories and characters. Now, he wants to have a chance of providing the same experience for others by creating his own game, but unfortunately, Tomoya cannot do this task by himself. He successfully recruits childhood friend Eriri Spencer Sawamura to illustrate and literary elitist Utaha Kasumigaoka to write the script for his visual novel, while he directs. Super-group now in hand, Tomoya only needs an inspiration to base his project on, and luckily meets the beautiful, docile Megumi Katou, who he then models his main character after. Using what knowledge he has, Tomoya creates a new doujin circle with hopes to touch the hearts of those who play their game. What he does not realize, is that to invoke these emotions, the creators have had to experience the same feelings in their own lives. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Shouta Handa is a jobless 25 year old who is sick and tired of his boring life. One evening, at the class reunion, he gets to meet all of the cute girls that used to be his classmates. He soon discovers that they are all successful with interesting careers, and even more importantly—really beautiful now, with bigger curves. Unfortunately, it seems that they are all aware of his boring, unsuccessful life, so they mock him and call him a loser, just like in the old days. Everything changes when Shouta goes for a walk to have a smoke and accidentally falls into the school swimming pool. This triggers a supernatural phenomenon that takes him back ten years into the past. He finds himself in the same swimming pool during swimming class, surrounded by his female classmates in bikinis. How is Shouta going to deal with their cuteness and closeness now that he is a grown man in a boy's body? Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes. (Source: ANN) In a world similar to the European Middle Ages, the feared yet revered Holy Knights of Britannia use immensely powerful magic to protect the region of Britannia and its kingdoms. However, a small subset of the Knights supposedly betrayed their homeland and turned their blades against their comrades in an attempt to overthrow the ruler of Liones. They were defeated by the Holy Knights, but rumors continued to persist that these legendary knights, called the "Seven Deadly Sins," were still alive. Ten years later, the Holy Knights themselves staged a coup d’état, and thus became the new, tyrannical rulers of the Kingdom of Liones. Based on the best-selling manga series of the same name, Nanatsu no Taizai follows the adventures of Elizabeth, the third princess of the Kingdom of Liones, and her search for the Seven Deadly Sins. With their help, she endeavors to not only take back her kingdom from the Holy Knights, but to also seek justice in an unjust world. [Written by MAL Rewrite] The Antimagic Academy is a special school that specializes in educating future witch hunters whose primary job is to find and stop magical threats and dangers. They are also called Inquisitors, whose aim is to stop and confiscate, not kill or destroy. The Academy is divided into several squads, but the most infamous one is the 35th Test Platoon, also nicknamed the "Small Fry Platoon" due to its low ranking among the other squads and its incompetent members. However, the ever so boring atmosphere of this unlucky squad gets spiced up when their little club gets powered up with a new member named Ouka Ootori, a former Inquisitor and an excellent fighter. What they do not know is that she was removed from her position because of her tendency to break the rules and an incident where she killed a witch. The club is run by a clumsy captain Takeru Kusanagi who is unable to use anything except his sword, so Ouka's views clash immediately with the views of other members of the squad. Can they cooperate with someone who hates witches so much and will they be able to learn from each other’s mistakes and tragic pasts? When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind! (Source: MU) Bundled with the limited edition 5th, 6th, and 7th manga volumes. The babes and boys of the Occult Research Club are Back! Lovable loser (and bust buff) Issei and his clan of bewitching beauties return for a new season of supernatural tussles and sexy shenanigans—featuring old friends and new enemies! Now that all the girls live in Issei’s home, life seems like nothing but fun and scantily-clad lounging…for now! Join Rias, Akeno, Koneko, Asia, Xenovia, Gasper, and everyone’s favorite Harem King Issei as they fight, fumble, and fondle their way through their demonic high school lives. (Source: FUNimation) In a hidden school surrounded by mountains, young ladies of good families are taught everything a high class lady needs to know. They are also completely cut off from the outside world, keeping them sheltered and innocent; however, a problem has come up recently—more and more graduates are failing to cope with the modern world after graduation. To deal with this problem, they've decided to kidnap a male commoner student, and enroll him as a student. They hope that this will be a gentle way to introduce the girls to the outside world. Kagurazaka Kimito is chosen for this dubious honor, mostly because he seems utterly average; however, the school leaders also seem to have concluded he's a homosexual with a muscle fetish. When Kimito hears that the alternative may be castration (to protect the girls' purity), he eagerly plays along with this misconception. Now he'll just have to survive the attention of many high class young ladies that are completely out of touch with the world! (Source: MangaHelpers) Individuals who can materialize weapons from their soul are called "Blazers," and they attend Kouryou Academy High School in order to harness their abilities. Each student is required to partner with another, in the hopes that one day, the pair can attain the power of Absolute Duo. Tooru Kokonoe hopes to attend this academy in order to gain power after his sister and friends were slain by a mysterious man. However, at the opening ceremony, he is forced to duel against the person sitting next to him, with the loser being expelled. As Tooru prepares to give the match his all, it is not a weapon that manifests from his soul, but a shield, an irregularity which catches the attention of a foreign student named Julie Sigtuna. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Poor Shinichirou Asano has the worst of luck. His parents abandoned him and ran off to Europe. If that isn't bad enough on its own, they barely left him any money to take care of himself. In order to pay rent and keep a roof over his head, he has to work. Unfortunately, he was just fired from his last job and as a high school student, he doesn't have many other prospects. One evening, he's attacked by a centipede monster on his way home. Shinichirou is saved by a mysterious girl with a bow and arrow, who he later discovers is Sakuya Shimazu, a beautiful student who attends his school. But when he later helps an injured girl, he discovers two things. First, the injured girl isn't human at all but rather a nekomata, a two-tailed demon cat. And second, Sakuya comes from a family of exorcists, who've protected humanity from rogue monsters and spirits for generations. Because Shinichirou was responsible for releasing the nekomata, Sakuya enlists his help in recapturing the demon, but that's just the beginning of Shinichirou's relationship with Sakuya. It turns out the Shimazu family needs a housekeeper and it just so happens that Shinichirou excels at cooking and likes to clean! It may not be his dream job, but if it pays the rent and puts food on the table... OVA bundled with Niθ Art Works Vol. 2, featuring a new character named Kagekatsu Uesugi. Based on the manga by the same name by Hiroyama Hiroshi, itself a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon. Note: Bundled with the limited edition of the sixth Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma Illya 3rei!! magical girl manga volume. (Source: AniDB) The story takes place during a conflict between the Krakozhia Dukedom and the Grania Republic. In the midst of the fighting, a savior appears to the Krakozhia Dukedom, and it is a high school student named Yano Souhei. Two female soldiers, First Lieutenant Ruto and Second Lieutenant Haruka, appear in tanks to intrude on Souhei's everyday life, followed by the enemy soldier Shachirofu, all of whom use firearms without hesitation at his house. (Source: ANN) In a deadly terrorist attack, Arashi Mikami narrowly escapes death but loses everything in the process, including his family and best friend. However, the surgeon that rescues him is far from just an ordinary doctor—he commands a strike team known as Black Label whose task is to exterminate deadly criminals who have fallen too far. Filled with a new determination, Arashi joins the ranks of the vigilante organization. Black Label's targets are aplenty, as evil scum lurks everywhere—dangerous arms dealers, corrupt politicians, and shady gangsters all find themselves hunted by the extermination team. Although haunted by their dark and sinister past, all of the hunters are highly skilled at slaying their targets. In spite of the perilous lives the members live, Arashi and the gorgeous ladies surrounding him still manage to get caught up in a variety of sultry moments and racy hijinks. Though they face strong opposition, nothing can stop Black Label's objective of cleansing the world of ghastly evil. [Written by MAL Rewrite] A letter arrives at Death Cram School. Inside is a an invitation to a spa resort. Yumi declares to the four excited girls that, "No. This is evil itself," points out that they are slacking off too much. Shiki proposes, "When opinions are divided, it's time for boob rock-paper-scissors!" and then wins so they all go to the pool. There, girls from Hanzoo Academy, Homura Crimson Squad, and Hebijo Clandestine Girls' Academy also come, but Asuka says, "Let's have fun together today" and they call a temporary truce. However, a trivial matter sets off a sour quarrel and, at Yumi's suggestion, they settle it with a showdown in the style of the ancient shinobi. (Source: ANN) The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site) Ever since he was a child, fifteen-year-old Souma Yukihira has helped his father by working as the sous chef in the restaurant his father runs and owns. Throughout the years, Souma developed a passion for entertaining his customers with his creative, skilled, and daring culinary creations. His dream is to someday own his family's restaurant as its head chef. Yet when his father suddenly decides to close the restaurant to test his cooking abilities in restaurants around the world, he sends Souma to Tootsuki Culinary Academy, an elite cooking school where only 10 percent of the students graduate. The institution is famous for its "Shokugeki" or "food wars," where students face off in intense, high-stakes cooking showdowns. As Souma and his new schoolmates struggle to survive the extreme lifestyle of Tootsuki, more and greater challenges await him, putting his years of learning under his father to the test. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Arata is set to be expelled! The only way to save himself is to be taught more about the magic archives from the Trinity Seven themselves. A bus has been hijacked by armed robbers, but not to worry—vigilante fighter Strange Juice is on the scene. With a Bam, Pow, and Crack, she sends those baddies flying right out of the bus! All except the mastermind, unfortunately. To get past him, she’ll need some help from… a panty-powered superhero!? Yuuta Iridatsu is a pretty typical high school kid. Except for his tendency to faint every time he sees a girl’s panties, of course. After his encounter with Strange Juice, his soul gets separated from his body. But for Yuuta, this is more of a blessing than anything else, as it enables him to wander around unseen, looking up skirts and making trouble as much as he wants. For some reason, though, every time Yuuta gets too excited and faints, an asteroid hits the Earth. What gives!? Yuuta figures he’s got no choice. He has to find out why his love of panties threatens to destroy the world. And probably stop it. Right after this one last panty shot! The OVA will be bundled with the 7th volume of the manga, scheduled to ship on August 26, 2015. It will be a sea bathing episode. (Source: MAL News) Hayato Izumi is running for student council president. He's studious, responsible, down to earth...and completely outmatched by his rival, Ui Wakana. Ui wins in a landslide after promising comprehensive sex education, free condoms, and other exciting reforms. Bloodied but not discouraged, Hayato licks his wounds and settles for vice president. Then Ui moves in with him. As it turns out, their parents made a drunken promise decades ago that their children would one day marry. Ui and Hayato must now balance school life with matrimony, keeping their relationship secret from a prudish student body and learning to live with each other. Can they keep the student council in line and find happiness together? Find out in Okusama ga Seitokaichou! The dispassionate, transforming assassin Golden Darkness returns to peer deeper into the mysteries surrounding her new life, while a sinister Nemesis manipulates her younger sister Mea from the shadows. Along with their newly discovered mother, Tearju, this previously estranged family quickly becomes the center of everyone's attention. On the other hand, Princess Momo's Harem Plan stands on shaky ground amidst Rito's inability to confess to his longtime crush Haruna, who has grown feelings of her own. But things aren't as peaceful as they seem; an evil force looms amidst the innocuous commotion, threatening to eclipse the love, happiness, and friendship of Rito and his harem. Only the light of love can hope to banish the shadow. [Written by MAL Rewrite] An unaired episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament , bundled with the eighth light novel volume. Short specials added to Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Tomoya Aki, Megumi Katou, Eriri Spencer Sawamura, Utaha Kasumigaoka and Tomoya's cousin Michiru Hyoudou (all members of a doujin circle called Blessing Software) go out location scouting for their project, a video game. As Eriri attempts to get Megumi to act out a scenario for the main heroine, Utaha lures Tomoya away and forces him to act out a romantic scenario with her. (Source: Wikipedia) With the introduction of strict new morality laws, Japan has become a nation cleansed of all that is obscene and impure. By monitoring citizens using special devices worn around their necks, authorities have taken extreme measures to ensure that society remains chaste. In this world of sexual suppression, Tanukichi Okuma—son of an infamous terrorist who opposed the chastity laws—has just entered high school, offering his help to the student council in order to get close to president Anna Nishikinomiya, his childhood friend and crush. Little does he know that the vice president Ayame Kajou has a secret identity: Blue Snow, a masked criminal dedicated to spreading lewd material amongst the sheltered public—and Tanukichi has caught the girl's interest due to his father's notoriety. Soon, Tanukichi is dragged into joining her organization called SOX, where he is forced to spread obscene propaganda, helping to launch an assault against the government's oppressive rule. With their school set as the first point of attack, Tanukichi will have to do the unthinkable when he realizes that their primary target is the person he admires most. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials included with the Hyakka Ryouran: Samurai After BDs. Located on the outskirts of Tokyo, Hachimitsu Private Academy is a prestigious all-girls boarding school, famous for its high-quality education and disciplined students. However, this is all about to change due to the revision of the school's most iconic policy, as boys are now able to enroll as well. At the start of the first semester under this new decree, a mere five boys have been accepted, effectively splitting the student body into a ratio of two hundred girls to one boy. Kiyoshi, Gakuto, Shingo, Andre, and Jo are quickly cast away without having a chance to make any kind of a first impression. Unable to communicate with their fellow female students, the eager boys set their sights on a far more dangerous task: peeping into the girls' bath! It's only after their plan is thoroughly decimated by the infamous Underground Student Council that the motley crew find their freedom abruptly taken from them, as they are thrown into the school's prison with the sentence of an entire month as punishment. Thus begins the tale of the boys' harsh lives in Prison School, a righteous struggle that will ultimately test the bonds of friendship and perverted brotherhood. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Unaired episode 11 of the Triage X series bundled with the 12th manga volume. There are some humans capable of using magical power to manifest their souls as weapons and control forces beyond normal comprehension. These people are known as Blazers, and those who are recognized as such can undergo training at academies to become Mage-Knights. Ikki Kurogane is an aspiring Mage-Knight, despite being considered the worst student at Hagun Academy as an F-ranked Blazer—the lowest rank possible. One morning, he accidentally stumbles upon Stella Vermillion, a visiting princess and A-ranked Blazer who has just enrolled at Hagun, in a state of undress. As a result, she challenges him to a duel where the loser will be the winner’s slave. It seems like a surefire win for Stella, but could there be more to Ikki than meets the eye? Rakudai Kishi no Cavalry tells the story of Ikki’s valiant efforts to qualify for an upcoming tournament that could bring him a step closer to his dreams, aided by Stella. Together, they will prove that hard work can overcome the limits set upon them. Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.1. With his parents abroad, Kimihito Kurusu lived a quiet, unremarkable life alone until monster girls came crowding in! This alternate reality presents cutting-edge Japan, the first country to promote the integration of non-human species into society. After the incompetence of interspecies exchange coordinator Agent Smith leaves Kimihito as the homestay caretaker of a Lamia named Miia, the newly-minted "Darling" quickly attracts girls of various breeds, resulting in an ever-growing harem flush with eroticism and attraction. Unfortunately for him and the ladies, sexual interactions between species is forbidden by the Interspecies Exchange Act! The only loophole is through an experimental marriage provision. Kimihito's life becomes fraught with an abundance of creature-specific caveats and sensitive interspecies law as the passionate, affectionate, and lusty women hound his every move, seeking his romantic and sexual affections. With new species often appearing and events materializing out of thin air, where Kimihito and his harem go is anyone's guess! [Written by MAL Rewrite] It was officially announced at the Dengeki Game Festival 2015 event that Strike the Blood will be getting a two-episode OVA series to be released at the end of 2015. The OVA will be an original story written by Gakuto Mikumo. (Source: MAL News) It's hard being the older step brother to a pair of demonic sisters. It's even harder having to defend them from the power hungry denizens of the demonic underworld. Such is the life of Basara Toujou; and he's done a pretty decent job of managing it so far. Shinmai Maou no Testament Burst directly follows the events of the previous season, with Basara and his sisters Mio and Maria Naruse attempting to enjoy a somewhat normal life. The best laid plans of demons and men oft go awry however, and Basara, Mio, and their friends begin to face a number of new threats. As if the situation couldn't get complicated enough, Maria's older sister Rukia shows up, insisting that Basara and the Naruse sisters must come to the realm of demons. Naïve 16-year-old Mamori Tokonome is accustomed to being teased at school for having an unfortunate surname that can also be read as "virgin." However, young Mamori will soon have to get used to being teased in other ways... Kidnapped during gym class, Mamori wakes up only to find herself stranded and under attack on the exotic island of Mermaid. Luckily, enigmatic fellow castaway Mirei Shikishima knows exactly how to take the lead—through a passionate kiss, Mirei unleashes Mamori's Exter transformation abilities, turning the innocent red-head into a battle-ready cutlass through the power of arousal. The duo will need to tap into that power as Mermaid Island is full of potential friends and foes: Charlotte, the sadistic Liberator of an Exter harem; the gluttonous and crafty Meifon; the mysterious but charismatic Akira Hiiragi; and the erotic biker duo Lady Lady. Mamori and Mirei's powerful and intimate embrace is the only way for the pair to ensure their survival on this scandalous island. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Chibi versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters. Long, long ago, an epic catastrophe, known as Invertia, caused a complete change in the world's power balance. In the years following this disaster, a group known as the Integrated Enterprise Foundation rose to power. In addition to this massive change, a new breed of humans born with amazing physical skills known as Genestella also emerged and joined the ranks of humanity. Gakusen Toshi Asterisk follows the story of Ayato Amagiri, a student who has just transferred into one of the six most elite schools for Genestella students in the world—Seidoukan Academy—where students learn to control their powers and duel against each other in entertainment battles known as festas. Unfortunately, Ayato gets off to a rough start. When trying to return a lost handkerchief to a female classmate, he accidentally sees her changing which leads to her challenging him to a duel. What most people don't realize however, is that Ayato has no real interest in festas and instead has an alternative motive for joining this prestigious school. What is Ayato's big secret? Will he be able to keep up his act when surrounded by some of the greatest Genestella in the world? Episode 13 included with the Blu-ray/DVD release. When darkness threatens the world, four heroes hold the only hope for salvation—if they can even manage to get out of the first town, that is. Bikini Warriors follows a party of beautiful adventurers in revealing armor: courageous Fighter, airheaded Paladin, timid Mage, and alluring Darkelf. But can you really be an adventurer if you don't get going on an adventure? Our heroes are eternally broke, insufferably vain, and frequently outmatched by the dangers of their world. Between fleeing dungeons and robbing peasants, the unlikely heroes will have to learn to live with each other before they can survive a battle with ultimate evil! Specials bundled with limited edition Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya 2wei Herz! . According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015. (Source: Hobby Japan) Special bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD volume of Grisaia no Meikyuu . Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Short specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases. Hamaji Youhei, a high school freshman, lives his life aimlessly, lazing around all day. He can't keep up with his studies, no good at sports and won't stick with anything for long. Besides that he's a pervert who's continuously rejected by girls. A sophomore convinces him into joining a club where he could lunge at girls, fondling and touching all he wanted. Thus he joined the Water Polo Club. Can Youhei, who never sticks with anything for long, find his place in this club? Music video by Sawako Kabuki. Mini OVA episodes bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Valkyrie Drive: Mermaid . Special episode delivered to customers who pre-order all six Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Dog Days'' . In an age when large-scale natural disasters frequently happen all over the world, when cyborgs and autonomous robots are beginning to appear on the market in technologically advanced nations, and major world powers compete for technology and resources, the divide between rich and poor grows and the future for the poor looks bleak. In this transitional stage, everyone wanders around in a self-indulgent daze and the way out isn't clear... This is the story of how two cybernetically enhanced girls meet. (Source: MU) Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.2. Picture drama included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 4 Blu-ray/DVD release. Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Super deformed versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters. After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from. For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
