Volume #1: A Taste of Honey (Eps #1-3) Although she tries hard, lovely office worker Moe bungles her assignments more often than not. She'd fare better if she spent more time working and less time playing with the office equipment, but it wouldn't be near as much fun. Nana's so cute in her maid's outfit that it's easy to see why everyone wants a piece of her. And while domineering Mai is used to being the boss, she's going to discover the joys of humiliation. A taste will only leave you wanting more, so obey your sweet tooth. Volume #2: Heat Wave (Eps #4-6) Sayaka is trying to be a prim and proper teacher, but every time she steps in front of a classroom she gets hot... And turning up the air conditioner isn't going bring her temperature down one bit. Misuzu may be a world-class swimmer, but the cold water in the practice pool only heats things up. She's one bathing beauty who doesn't need a sauna to make things steamy. The heat index will soar as these two lovely ladies do their best to set the screen on fire. (Source: AniDB) It's been six months since Yasunari ran away from home. He is saved from the streets by Fumi and Rino (Aurora Snow), and ends up living with them as their pet. Along with his friend Chie (Britttany Andrews), he is introduced to a new world of S &amp; M, and group sex. He publishes his new sexual experience in a magazine, which ends up in the hands of his brother, Tomoyasu. Tomoyasu is desperate to find his brother. He is seriously upset after finding that his brother is enjoying his new life as a pet. When a new tutor, Serina, arrives unexpectedly, he takes out his anger and fustration of his broken home on Serina by forcing himself on her. Unknown to Tomoyasu, Serina is the friend of Yasunari's three masters! (Source: AniDB) Brother and sister incest. Motoki is a junior-high student who can't ever concentrate on homework because of his sisters loud lesbian sex in the other rooms, he doesn't think life can get much worse.....until he gets a tutor and falls in love with her, from which he becomes a sex slave for her. (Source: ANN) No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information. Based on the game by Studio Miris. Kenichi and several of his friends stay after school to look at a new archaeological find, a bizarre looking mirror. Suddenly, the entire building is transported to an alternate dimension and a magic field surrounds it to prevent them from escaping. Also, their minds have switched to other people's bodies. The only way to switch bodies is when their sexual emotions are high. Kenichi must find a way to return everything back to normal before the dimension falls apart. (Source: ANN) Why join a boring club like the literature or baseball club when you can be part of "After school Mania club", its a club that encourages conversation between its members to get to know each other better and ultimately have a date. After their usual meeting on a cafeteria the members can go shopping, find a girlfriend or boyfriend or why not, discover each other sexual preferences. Based on a game of the same name by Libido. Naoto and his lover Miyuki were going to ski resort; however, their bus was stalled in blizzard. The passengers were helped by Natsuyo, a landlady of a Japanese style hotel, and they decided to stay at the hotel for a while. At that night, Naoto and Miyuki made love at the hotel over and over, but he couldn’t be satisfied, and finally he began to love Natsuyo. The situation was the same with other passengers. In this closed space, ritual and accidents continued... A bizarre and erotic story was just begun... (Source: AnimeNfo) Meanwhile, over at the hamburger shop, kinky doings are transpiring. The manager likes to administer sexy punishments when his female clerks break the rules. Eventually, Masaru is invited to the party and finds a family affair waiting for him... (Source: AniDB) The main character, Tatsuya Tagami, has an ambition of World Conquest, and the first step of his plan is to make every female classmate pregnant. Unfortunately, his dream is rather impossible in his all-boys school. Hence, he transfers himself to the newly reorganized Hakuka Co-Ed Academy, which was previously an all-girls school. (Source: ANN) By A.D. 2010, all men have died off quickly due to a dramatic change in the environment and an unknown contaminant. The population decreased to the lowest number ever seen...until only the women were left alive. They live huddled in small corners of a world mostly reclaimed by nature. There are those who accept their inevitable extinction and live a carefree life... There are those who try to continue on the race with the help of science... It is a society of constant conflict over their differences of principles and policies. The story takes place in the center of Tokyo. It is one of the places left for them. The conflict over the specimen of "ICE" and the chance it may provide to save humanity begins. (Source: AnimeNfo) There were once two young girls who met on a playground. They shared a kiss before separating for ten years. One fell in love with the other from that day forward. The other grew up and forgot. Nowadays, Shinobu and Momoko attend the same girls' school. They are polar opposites: Momoko enforces decency and order as part of the disciplinary committee, while the delinquent Shinobu collects lovers and failing grades alike. But Shinobu has never truly forgotten the afternoon she and Momoko shared as children. As they and their friends navigate the challenges of schoolwork and schoolgirl crushes, they begin to rediscover their feelings for each other. Kazuya is a high school student. He is forced to move to a school dormitory because his parents have gone abroad on business, and they sold their house before leaving Japan. But, his school has no boys' dormitory, so he begins to live at a girls' dormitory. One day, he secretly peeks into the school sick-room while girls are under regular physical checkup, and he is surprised at their erotic breasts. He makes a vow to get their bodies and breasts.... The world has fallen into disorder, it divided into the north and the south and after kakamura has been destroyed both lands now fight over the world.  capitals gave been born, one in the north and one in the south with its respective Emperor. In this age there are people  who live as Shinobi/Ninjas... The main character has been hospitalized for medical checkup. As nurses take care of him kindly, his sexual desire gradually becomes bigger.... "If they took care of my sexual desire as well, it would be great...." One day, he receives an email from someone unknown. "Do you know what will happen to the girls who have been sexually insulted completely?" The email arouses his sexual desire, and he finally starts raping the nurses.... (Source: ErogeShop) Takamaru is a student at the Ten Treasure Academy, living an ordinary school life, seeking romances which are constantly interfered by Shihoudou Narika (the daughter of his apartment manager). One day, he fell in love at first sight with a transfer student named Takamori Haruka. On that very night, Takamaru and Narika became pursued by a group of mysterious ninja. Just when they thought all hope is lost, Haruka appeared in kunoichi attire. Haruka referred to Takamaru as "young boss", and asked him to do H stuff towards her. This gave her superhuman power that enabled her to defeat the mysterious ninjas. However, this was just the beginning of a very long battle. (Source: AlicesoftWiki) My name is Sawaguchi Mai. I always get myself involved with my classmate, Kawamura Reo. Reo is pretty short and has silky hair... In short, she's cute. But sometimes, she can be really obstinate. I'm trying to do my best to get her to get along with the rest of the class, but since we're both headstrong we always end up fighting. It's so frustrating, especially since she can't do anything without me around! But whenever I talk to her, Reo always acts like I'm bothering her. I wonder if she hates me... But then, just when I got all depressed Reo came up to me and told me, "You've got it all wrong! I love you, Mai! I love you so much!" Her confession completely took me by surprise. Could it be that I'm in love with Reo too?! (Source: DLsite) A sequel to Aki-Sora under a new name. This OVA features five of the most popular girls from G-Taste: Riona Kisaragi, Yuki Shihoudou, Nana Morimura, Asuka Senou and Mai Kannazuki. Short extra anime from the DVDs and Blu-rays. BD Specials. Picture dramas included with the DVD and Blu-Ray release. A war is being fought between the goddesses of dark and light. While the former try to steal the jewels from innocent women, leaving lifeless husks, the latter hunt the evildoers. Both types of goddesses are equipped with powers to fight, but their strongest weapons are their retractable penises—flooding the enemy with pleasure is the only sure-fire way to win. (Source: AniDB) A war is being fought between the goddesses of dark and light. While the former try to steal the jewels from innocent women, leaving lifeless husks, the latter hunt the evildoers. Both types of goddesses are equipped with powers to fight, but their strongest weapons are their retractable penises—flooding the enemy with pleasure is the only sure-fire way to win. (Source: AniDB) Akane Niimura is bored with her high school experience. In search of some extra stimulation, she decides to join the Futa Club as a “service member.” The club is made up of futanari - hermaphrodites - who spend their club time thoroughly enjoying each other. Despite wanting to be a part of the Futa Club, Akane is actually an ordinary girl. Thanks to that, her “service” duties are restricted to letting the other members of the club have their way with her. Akane is more than willing, but will she be able to pass the entrance exam? A relaxing vacation at the Manra Valley onsen is just what the members of the Futabu, or Futanari Club, signed up for. Officially, their goal is to research the harvest festival native to the area for a high school project. Unofficially, they're there to have a little fun, and the springs are an aphrodisiac... Sequel to Futabu!! Based on the adult doujin by BOSSHI. According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015. (Source: Hobby Japan)
